0.0 |  summer residence - innis college (the) [removed]
0.0 |  The residency in future years Hey! If I opt for Innis residency college now, can I change it for Chestnut in the second year of study for instance or may be during 3-4 years?
0.035 |  The St. George campus for entering international first year undergrad Hey! Today I am filling the StarRez residency form. It is asked to choose either Innis college or Chestnut for housing. Which option is more appealing for me, taking into account that I am an international student from low income family? Any opinions, thoughts, recommendations are appreciated:)
0.0 |  Petition to support the Innis Cafe (closing in June) [removed]
0.0 |  Keep Innis Cafe Open During Construction [removed]
0.0 |  Keep Innis Cafe Open during Construction! [removed]
0.0 |  Please Sign this Petition to Keep Innis Cafe Open During Construction [removed]
0.0 |  Innis College Summer Residence Hello everyone, I hope this message finds you well.  So, this Summer I'll be staying at Innis College.  I'm really excited to be spending the summer in a U of T dorm, and I had some questions pertaining to residences.  1. How is residence life during the Summer like? Are there lots of parties / events that go on?  2. How easy is it to make friends, and are students in the residences approachable (I'm a non u of t student who'll be doing a coop in the summer).  3. For those of you who stayed in Innis College, how was the layout of the suites like? How was staying in a suite with 3-4 people like?   Thanks everyone!
0.0 |  Innis College Summer Residence Hello everyone, I hope this message finds you well.  So, this Summer I'll be staying at Innis College.  I'm really excited to be spending the summer in a U of T dorm, and I had some questions pertaining to residences.  1. How is residence life during the Summer like? Are there lots of parties / events that go on?  2. How easy is it to make friends, and are students in the residences approachable (I'm a non u of t student who'll be doing a coop in the summer).  3. For those of you who stayed in Innis College, how was the layout of the suites like? How was staying in a suite with 3-4 people like?   Thanks everyone!
0.122 |  A man exposed his erect penis at me at a college washroom - Campus Safety said: avoid that area. It's been known to have cruising activity so I would just advise you against going there if you don't want to be exposed to that kind of experience.  OK, but locker I paid 20 dollars for is there, the Innis Café is my favourite, and I know places where I can keep to myself and study-the building is one of the least depressing ones to study at.  I'll use another washroom from now on, but I find it weird that a bathroom open to the public is used like that. What about consent? STI information? Why this washroom and not another? Now I think about going there for fun in between classes because now it's on my mind the whole time. This might become a distraction for me.  But seriously, should there not be just a bit more concern around that? Consenting adults can do whatever they want but I don't want to see a guy's penis with sores and such on it while I pee. I suggest since the college does not have a problem with it that it at least could post a PSA alerting those who don't want in on that kind of community building exercise, or to experience sexual harassment while taking a leak to avoid that washroom. Or at least leave flyers, post information about STIs, and leave condoms, lube, etc. Just not doing anything about it is the worst in my opinion.
0.061 |  Innis scholarship decision Just accepted Innis for CS a couple of days ago. There was no mention of scholarship from Innis. Does it mean I don't qualify or they don't have a decision yet.
0.0 |  residence help! how do I find out what my residence is I recently got accepted into uoft and I just have a couple questions regarding residence! On the letter it says "your college is innis college". So this means I HAVE to go into dorms at this residence? Or am I able to choose a different one? (Like chestnut) thank you!
0.067 |  help has anyone seen my keys on St. George today? so this evening I was walking from Innis to Sid Smith for class and by the time class ended I realized my keys were missing.....  I probably dropped them on St. George during that 5 min hike and idk how I didn't notice since it was a messy bunch consisting of 2 keychains (mainly pink), 4 keys, and 2 fobs. If anyone's seen them would you please let me know? Much appreciated!!
0.089 |  WHERE TO GET SOME BOMB QUESADILLAS ON/NEAR CAMPUS I'm craving some &amp; pls don't recommend fat bastard, thanks&lt;3 I've tried the ones at innis college but it just doesn't hit the spot &amp; it's too pricy for the portion that they give
0.059 |  Found airpod on St George In the off chance it belongs to someone here, I left it at the student services desk in Innis College. Not certain of brand.
0.032 |  To the experienced commuters: microwaves, extracurricular and tips for commuters at UTSG? Hey guys,  So I commute from Vaughan to Downtown 4 days a week this term. Commuting is so tiring and don't get me started on double fares between the YRT and TTC.   That being said, any experienced commuters out there with good tips? In order to save some money I often ask my dad to drop me off at Steeles on his way to work to avoid the YRT fare but this is at the expense that I leave my home at 5am. That being said, I often pack a lunch with me to school but I only know of Robarts, Sids cafe and Innis having microwaves. Most of my classes are on the spadina side of campus at the Earth Science area. Anyone know any places nearby where I can heat up my lunch between lectures?  Also any other tips to make life a little easier as a commuter student at UTSG? I do want to get involved in school with clubs and such but most clubs meet up too late at night, and with a 2h commute ride home I'd rather just go home then stay longer on campus.   And any other tips you may have as well, I'd really appreciate it! I know im at a disadvantage with commuting but I really do want to make the best out of my uni experience.
0.0 |  Anyone want to give us a tour of their residence? My friend and I currently live on campus and we want to see what every UofT residence looks like! If you live at any of the following residences and would like to show us (two girls) around, we’d really appreciate it :)  In exchange, we’ll give you your choice of: (1) homemade cookies (no weed) (2) a pink preroll (rolled by us) (3) five hits of a sakura grape elfbar (4) two new friends :D  – Chestnut – Chelsea – St. Hilda’s – Trinity – Woodsworth – New – Victoria (any) – UC (any) – St. Mike’s (any) – Innis  BONUS: Campus One, Tartu
0.0 |  Innis college - Buddhism psychology and mental health minor Anyone in this program? I plan on attending uoft next year and interested in this minor. I’m looking for any sort of syllabus online for the courses but can’t find them
0.0 |  Which UOFT college is best to raise my admission chances? Hi,  I'm applying to Rotmans and would like to know which of the 7 colleges is easiest to get into? I'm looking to increase my admission chances as much as possible.  The colleges are Innis, St. Micheals, University, Victoria, New College, Trinity &amp; Woodsworth.  thanks
0.05 |  Academic Offence, Unauthorized calculator on my desk in utsg STA237 final exam  Hi guys. In last day's STA237 final, I put an unauthorized calculator on my desk. The test allows unprogramble calculator, but I thought my calculator was not programable since I used it in AP exams back in high school. I donot know anything about calculator as my high school requires all students to buy the calculator and I also knew nothing about programming.   However, the teachers saw my calculator, and she took my calculator and told me that I could not use it or put it on my desk. (My calculator's screen was not turned on and I just put it on my desk.)  Although I told her that I did not know it was not allowed and I did not use it, the teacher recorded my possession of unauthorized aid during exam and asked me to sign a strange small piece of green paper. She told me that the issue was reported to dean's office.   What am I gonna do? I have no intention to cheat in the exam, and I was dean's list scholar and received innis college scholarship for academic achievement of last year. Will I get a zero in my final? It is 40% of the entire grade! What is the sanction I faced? What should I do? Please help.
0.0 |  Choosing residences - How do meal plans work? Hey! I'm an incoming grade 12 applying to Arts and Science and I'm looking for advice about residence at UofT. I personally much prefer the Innis and Woodsworth apartment style but I also can't cook for shit. Am I able to use TBucks to buy food at college cafeterias (for convenience) or do I have to buy a college meal plan? My hope is to be able to cook food when I can while having the flexibility to go to a caf when I'm short on time. What are my options?  Thank you!
0.06 |  My life as a Homeless student at U of T. -- a guide.  INTRO: I am not poor or broke or nothing. I just refuse to tolerate this shitty capitalist Toronto housing market. I’ve been living and studying rent free for the last 3 months since the last minute lease I was trying to get fell through. When classes started I figured I’d try and figure out how to live in robarts while I found housing, but since then it has become a lifestyle that is pretty satisfying tbh, and allows me to save a lot of money.     Sleeping: I sleep at Robarts commons, on the armchairs on the fifth floor (If you’ve been there at 3AM you’ve probably seen me sleeping in the front area with all the armchairs and the wierd desk chair things). You can gather the pillows from the common sitting area for elevated sleep experince. I keep a blanket in my backpack at all times. It keeps me warm against the cold in literal weather sense and metaphorically against the cold UofTears culture.    Clothing and cleanliness: I have a locker at the AC, which didn’t cost me anything because I found 2 day lockers and just slapped a lock on it. I keep my clothes in there, as well as a bar of soap, my toothbrush and toothpaste, deoderant, and a towel. I shower there every morning after my workout (its bulking season my dudes).     I wash my clothes at student residences, I just slip in with my laundry bag behind some clueless first years and just act natural. Usually I try to sneak into UC or Innis, but not New College, as they require a fob for the laundry room. I don’t go to woodsworth because they have coin operated that you have to pay for, not worth my toonie.    Leisure: Like a lot of u of t students, I don’t have much of a social life. I have a couple of friends who I’ll study with sometimes, and occasionally I crash at their places (if we’ve been drinking or smthn). For fun, I practice piano in Hart House, feed the squirrels in the UC quad, and scroll through reddit.    Mental Health: Parts of this lifestyle is kinda depressing, and U of T is pretty stressful as is. Not gunna lie, I spend some time crying, and try to cope through watching anime. Schools meant to be stressful i guess, and I figure there’s only a year and a half left in my schooling, I can hold out till then. I try to cope with my depression by going on regular walks through Queens park and Scholar’s walk. It really helps.    Family: My parents don’t really know about this, and tbh, they don’t ask, I just told them that I rent a place off of Bloor for cheap. What they don’t know wont hurt them. I think my older brother suspects that something isn’t quite right: I had to be really cagey last time he passed through the city, told him my place was being deep cleaned for roaches. But I don’t think he’ll tell them, he’s pretty busy, and not a nosy dude in general.    Food: Because I’m spending money on rent, I can actually afford good healthy food. This helps me stay healthy, (probably healthier than you reading this). I snack on PB&amp;J and baby carrots since bread and peanut butter don’t need to be refrigerated (I buy a new bag of baby carrots almost every day). I know a first year at New who occasionally lets me use his meal plan. I also eat out regularly since I can now afford it since I don’t pay rent. 40$ hot pot every sunday? Hell ya — I could pretty much do it every day with my savings!   Conclusion: I recognize that this probably isn’t the life for everyone, but it’s worked really well for me thus far. I’m not at university to live out some type of “college experience”, I’m just here to get my degree and hopefully a good paying job when I graduate. I’m going to graduate debt free, and I’ll have enough savings stashed away to almost put a down payment on a house (I’m hoping prices crash before I graduate). I hope this guide helps anyone who like me, are just tryna get through university as fast as possible, and move on to better things, without struggling with this overpriced city’s rental market.
0.0 |  Innis and Victoria College for Health Sciences I'm working on my application to the University of Toronto but I'm a bit apprehensive about which specific colleges I should rank. I want to study Molecular Genetics and Microbiology as an int student and I want research to be a pivotal part of my undergraduate experience. I don't think any college has an overarching academic theme. Aside from academics, I'd rather have a college with a small student body and a meal plan, but I'm willing to make an exception for Innis because the building is my favorite, I'm in love with modern minimalist spaces.   Any tips or college recommendations? If anyone's from Innis and Victoria, what do you think of the student atmosphere there?
0.067 |  My essay writing sucks and the Innis Writing Center website is never working! Help! So the Innis Writing Center website never seems to be working and my essays just never seem to be good enough! I seem to keep getting a 68 every time and I’m so close to a 70, I know I can do better.  What are some ways that I can improve my writing? Are there any sources that can help on campus or online? I’ve only been able to access the Innis Writing Center once and this is my second year.   I really need to do well on my essays or else I’ll have to redo classes in the summer to get into my program! Please help! I just for some reason am not getting it.  I keep reading the essay demands and I think I know what they’re asking for, but when I look later once I get the grade back - I have apparently misunderstood. I swear I try to make sense of what they’re asking in the essay but it just doesn’t click for me, I had this problem in high school too. I’ve been approaching TAs to elaborate on what the essay is asking for as well but the words don’t click for me. I feel so dumb!   How can I ensure that I 100% understand what the essay is asking of me. Because when I do understand, I get much better marks.
0.039 |  Which St. George college? I'm a high school student currently trying to apply for CS at the St. George campus and I'm not so sure which college to choose. Could someone give me the pros and cons of each one? Currently, I have Innis, Woodsworth, and University College in that order. Would appreciate it if someone could help me.
0.0 |  Innis Cafe — open for takeout? Does anyone know if Innis Cafe is open for takeout? I haven’t been on campus in months and was wondering how Gunash and family and employees are doing.
0.0 |  Innis Cafe [removed]
0.241 |  is it a bad idea to transfer from innis to vic? [deleted]
0.133 |  Lost my Dell Laptop from a Study Carrel (outside the library) at INNIS (2nd floor). [deleted]
0.0 |  St. George Campus, looking for help on which college to rank 1st 2nd and 3rd for a computer science undergrad degree Innis College, St Micheal's College, University College, Victoria College, New College, Woodsworth College.  :)
0.087 |  For Rotman Commerce, which college is the best to put as first choice? Out of innis, St michaels, university, Victoria, New, Trinity and Woodsworth, could someone give me a comprehensive rankings list from best to worst?
0.0 |  Residence for 2nd year? When to fill out form ? I am a first year now and want to stay in res for second year. When do I fill out the form and how likely am I to get a room? Also, I want to switch to a single instead of roommate. last question, I want to switch Innis - should I fill out a form for that too so I get on the waitlist? Any advice on what to do? thank you!
0.0 |  Innis College Residence Guests [deleted]
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.053 |  Innis vs Woodsworth for undergrad Rotman Commerce? Hi! I'm in grade 12 and applying to UofT's Rotman program. I've been doing some research about the different residences and I have narrowed it down to either Innis or Woodsworth as my number one choice because of their apartment suite.   I've heard that Woodsworth is good for Rotman students because of the location and its affiliation with commerce, so I was wondering if that is really true. I love its modern design and how close the res building is to the Metro, Galleria and Bloor st. At the same time, Innis is super cute &amp; small and close to Robarts which I like. Innis also seems to have more community resources? like cafes, the theatre, common areas, gym, etc, as well as more scholarships (?).   I know that you have to list Innis as number 1 on your application in order to get in...... I'm really torn between the two residences, so I have a few questions if any of you guys could help out:    * is the wifi/ethernet situation at Woodsworth a problem?  * is it difficult to get into Innis? (I had a 94 average in grade 11 and I think I have a 96 average for grade 12 midterms. I'm also in the IB program, but idk if that helps. I lead MUN club at school, volunteer at the library &amp; senior centre, and participate in DECA, concert band, dance, etc)  * would it be better for me to be at Woodsworth because I'll be a Rotman student? was anyone on this reddit a Rotman student with Woodsworth res during first year? how was the experience?  * how are the scholarships and automatic 2nd year gpa grants at Innis and Woodsworth?  * has anyone had trouble with having no meal plan and cooking for yourself? (I do like cooking my own meals at home so I don't think this is a huge issue)  * what is it like to share the apartment suite with 3-5 other people? have you ever dealt with bad flatmates like dirty dishes, loud noises, schedules, etc?  * how strict are Innis and Woodsworth about guests (both during the day and overnight?)   Thanks guys!
0.0 |  Anyone got later life learning scholarship in innis college? What are the exact requirements? Does this exist?
0.0 |  Innis Academic Awards Ceremony Has anyone received an invitation to the awards ceremony for this year?
0.103 |  Changing residence I'm thinking of changing residence and moving into either Innis or University College. The residence I'm in now is pretty dead so it's depressing. I'm hoping Innis might be better because it's suite-mates? Does anyone know what I need to do to change residence and if I need to have certain grades as an upper-year?
0.054 |  Comparison between Innis, Woodsworth and New College? I'm still in grade 12 but my application says I need to rank the colleges I want to attend? I'm planning to go into something STEM or comp.sci. related at UofT so I was just wondering which college is the most suitable for potential STEM students regarding the cultural atmosphere. I'm also not a big fan of super competitive environments, and I'm trying to avoid that. I was also wondering about the differences between the dorms and nearby facilities and places?
0.0 |  College Recommendations Hello U of T students!  I'm an American looking to attend the University of Toronto next year and I'm in need of college recommendations and/or advice.    Right now, my top choice is Innis because I would prefer to have an apartment style residency with a single room (I would like my own space since I will be living abroad for 4-5 months at a time).  I have also been looking at Woodsworth, Chestnut, New, and University.   I know some of the colleges have different specialties when it comes to hobbies and interests so if it helps at all, I'll provide some background on me.  I'm pretty introverted and want to focus a lot of my studies (if I'm admitted I'll double major in political science and environmental studies).  I would like to join a recreational lacrosse team and orchestra as well.  Any advice or suggestions you have for residences would be fantastic!  I've done a lot of research trying to find the best housing option but I figured this subreddit would be a great place for advice since there are a lot of students that have lived in these colleges here.  U of T is my dream school so I greatly appreciate the help!  Thanks :)
0.0 |  New College VS Innis VS University College Hi! I'm an international student applying to UofT next year for Life Sciences, and I will be living on campus. I was going through the colleges to rank, and so far, I'm liking Innis, New College, and University College the most, though I'm still looking at the others. I've done my research on the location of these places, the meal plans, and so on, but I kinda want to know about the vibe at each college? Like what is the community like, how tight knit is it, what is the social life like, is it easy to make friends, what are the LLCs, etc. any help on any of the colleges would be appreciated!!  Thank you!!
0.0 |  Innis Residence Map? [deleted]
0.0 |  Innis vs Woodsworth Prospective student here. I have a quick question about innis and woodsworth. What are some major differences between the two colleges in terms of residence? Rooms, facilities, general stuff??  And is it practical to get a meal plan somewhere else on campus since both are apartment-style?  Appreciate the help!!
0.0 |  How would I mail a package to someone in Innis college? I want to get a surprise for my best friend and I was wondering what the address format would be, like if they go off of mailbox numbers or room numbers?
0.0 |  Which college? Hello, I am applying to UofT and need to rank 3 colleges. I would be living in res and would be studying humanities. I am looking for a res with single rooms, good food, and a normal social life.  Which college or residence would be the best? Also, would I be able to live at Innis but have a meal plan at another college? Thanks!
0.0 |  The Condom Conundrum: How I found 2 opened condoms on campus I stepped on a condom near Innis college yesterday, and also found one on the cannon pathway near Hart House. They don't seem to have been used, at least I hope. I'd post a picture but that probably wouldn't be allowed. There are possibly more out there, anyone else seen this? The Condom Culprit is still at large, and has probably left more calling cards around campus.
0.272 |  Innis College So why the hell was Innis's lounge area littered with seaweed sheets?
0.0 |  What is the general consensus of the Innis college and residence? Also, is the college you're a part of even important after first year?
0.0 |  Forgot to make my Innis college payment. Will I be okay? [deleted]
0.139 |  Screwed for Residence? I missed Innis's residence payment and deferral deadline which was on August 1st, and I didn't even realize until it was too late. I thought they would send out an early notice but that turned out to be a serious blunder on my part as they didn't. Already tried contacting them through email, which only resulted in being ghosted. Calling them also turned out to be no help.    I'm afraid I may lose my residence spot. Sorry for this depressing post, I'm just seeking for any possible advice. Is there anything I can do? Am I still guaranteed residence as a first-year even after this incident?  I'm also planning for possible accommodations outside of campus in case I do lose my spot, in which I really hope doesn't happen.
0.0 |  SG DT campus: is it possible to bring an electric drum kit to (Innis) residence? It’s a relatively small one, very quiet (all mesh heads, cymbals not loud either). [deleted]
0.0 |  Innis scholarship Hey guys, I was wondering what is the cutoff range for Innis admission scholarship. I know Vic has mid-90s. Mine is like 91, I'm sure I can push it to like 93.
0.087 |  Innis students food struggles Is there any delivery service (halal) that I can rely on to feed me in the winter? Don’t want to be filling myself with Timmies everyday   Thanks xx  Also, does anyone have experience living in apartment style? Worried about budgeting while sharing fridge/resources
0.201 |  How do you pay Innis residence fees?? [deleted]
0.0 |  how to opt out of incidental fees? I saw a lot of posts about it. But I dont know how to opt out. Could anyone help plz? (btwI am an international student registered in Innis college) Thanks!
0.057 |  Urban Studies program at Innis college? I applied to the Urban Studies program at innis college because it has some overlap with my other major, but the thing is I’ve loathed every single geography class I’ve taken.   Are Urban Studies classes similar to geography classes? I noticed in the 2 geography classes I took, the professors included a lot of what felt like, out of place Marxist ways to approach development. Is urban studies the same?
0.0 |  Innis One First Year Foundations Courses - anyone take these with advice for first year student? Hi! I've been exploring taking one of the First Year Foundations Courses and wondered if anyone has experienced the Innis One courses - in particular, The Creative City (Fall) or Writing LIterary Journalism...Thanks for your advice!
0.0 |  If one residence sends me an offer, can another residence send me another offer? I got into Chestnut, my fourth or fifth choice but I was hoping to get into a residence that was closer. I was hoping to get into Innis, which sends offers in July I think. If I accept this offer, will it be impossible for me to switch to another residence?
0.047 |  Post for all incoming first years in life sci I'm writing this so that, hopefully, when a Gr. 12 kid asks a question about UofT I can just point them here. Keep in mind, I am a 2nd year student so most of my info is up to date-but I don’t know much about grad school/med school.  First of all, congratulations! You got into the best uni in Canada, and one of the best in the world. If you're international, Toronto is a great city! I hope you come to love it as much as I do. If you're commuting-may God be with you when the TTC decides to have an hour delay. So, you probably have some questions concerning UofT. Here are some of the most often mentioned ones;  -Is UofT hard?   It’s as hard as any university. I feel like people tend to play up how ‘hard’ university is in general, but there’s a good reason-there is So. Much. Going. On. Think about it-you’re literally changing the structure of your life dramatically. You’re taking a new route to school, if you haven’t moved cities or countries entirely. You have new friends, new administrators, new classes, new atmosphere-AND you have to study. Of course university is going to look hard! Look at how much stuff is going ON with your life! And no, Frosh is NOT going to be enough to orient you.    There is the idea that UofT tends to ‘weed-out’ first years, and that first year is a GPA killer. To me, that didn’t really seem like the case. Listen. We all did good in high school-but the question is, why did you do so well? Did you have a tutor? Because those don’t really exist here. Were you that person who just miraculously did well even though you put in zero effort? Congrats! That’s about to crash and burn. Did you just listen to whatever your guidance counselor said about ‘study habits’ and studied the same way people on TV do? Eh, you might be fine, but you’re in for some serious study time. University in generalis quite time intensive, so instead of studying hard, you need to study smart. Take the time in the summer to ask yourself; how do I study best? For me, I like to write up my own notes after class closer to the exam/midterm-they’re super messy, like I just vomited my brain onto paper-but it worked. As long as you have the drive &amp; skills to self study, and to personalize your studying, you’re gonna be fine. (It is going to be harder than high school though)  -What IQ do I need/How smart do I have to be/What high school average do I need to do well at UofT?   AHAHAHAHAHAHA. THIS IS A BAD QUESTION. Believe me when I tell you, there is no correlation between IQ/HS average and UofT average. I came in with a few of my high school friends with the lowest average between all of them, and I did the best on midterms and exams. It’s not like I suddenly became smarter, and they weren’t slacking off-I just had better test taking skills. If someone with a 99% average comes in and slacks off in uni, their GPA will tank. If someone with an 85% average comes in and tries super hard in uni, their GPA will survive. Of course, there are exceptions, but do you really want to wait until you fail a midterm to see?   It really all comes down to “Do you have the drive to keep up with the work and study?”  -Will my mental health suffer if I come to UofT?  This is a tricky question to answer. I myself have noted that I get way more stressed during midterms/finals than I did in high school (I lost 10 pounds during my first finals season. Not healthy.). I would say that the risk of acquiring or aggravating a mental illness definitely goes up, especially for international students due to that lack of support available to them. One of the big things right now at UofT is a push for the university to recognize what they’re doing to their students and the lack of support they give-Health and Wellness is pretty under equipped to handle the volume of students that exhibit signs of mental illness. There ARE resources-check out the pinned post on UofT’s reddit, plus many clubs and organizations are starting to pool their resources together to create a network. But yeah, prepare to be under some pretty bad stress, and try to get a support system up so you’re not alone when the time comes.  -What's PoST?  Did you, perchance, assume that you applied to Neuroscience? Immunology? Biophysics? Do I have news for you.  In UofT, all first year students within the Faculty of Arts and Science are ‘undeclared’. You do not major in anything at this time. Majoring starts in 2nd year, and the process to declare a major (specialist, minor, whatever) begins at the end of the first year. PoSt is just “Program of Study’, which is just ‘what do you want to do?’ There are 3 types, really-Minor, Major and Specialist. Since they’re specified by how many credits you need, you can usually mix &amp; match these. For example, I want to double major in Neuroscience and Molecular Genetics with a minor in Psych because I can. You can also choose something in the arts I believe (Criminology/Psychology is popular).  PoST is annoying for one reason-There are grade cutoffs for some of them. All PoSTs are labelled with a Type-1, 1S,  2, 2L, and 3. Anything that’s a Type 1 is the ‘easy route’-all you have to do is survive and get 4 FCE’s (1S means the fee for the program is different). Type 2, 2L, and 3 are all programs that have certain prerequisite courses + have a grade cutoff. Type 3’s may also need you to send in a personal statement. To see if your ideal program is one of these, all you need to do is Google “Name of Program UofT” and it should pop up.  -What classes should I take?  In first year, considering a full course load, you will be taking, in total, 10 classes, 5 per semester. As I said in question 4, depending on your wanted program, you may have to take certain courses that others don’t. This being said, if you don’t know what you want to do, here is a list of courses that cover pretty much all of them: BIO120, BIO130, CHM135, CHM136, MAT135, MAT136, PSY100. Note how there are only 7 courses. 6 really; psych isn’t needed, but you WILL be eligible for an easier 2nd year statistics course if you take it. Where are the other 3-4? These are pretty much your electives. Do what you want with them. Take PHY 131/132 if need be. Also look into seminar courses-the 199s. They’re pretty much an easy highschool course, but with more interesting subjects and great profs. Since the classes are small, it’s a great way to meet people and profs. They also have great field trips (I went Kayaking for one of my seminars). It can also fill up Breadth Requirements.   -What will my school life look like?  This will depend on your schedule, but you will be attending Lectures, Labs and Tutorials. Never skip lab, attendance IS mandatory. You shouldn’t skip tutorials because they allow you to work with a TA on problems. Some courses (CHM135/136) give out quizzes that are worth 5% of your mark, so at least go on those days (CHM136 makes them pop quizzes tho). MAT135/136 give out assignments that are work 8% of your mark, so unless you have a friend that can go, go. BIO120/130 do not have real tutorials.   Lectures are pretty much optional save for MAT135/136 because they use TopHat to ask questions to students in class that is worth 8% of your mark. Also PHY131/132.       -Can I have a social life AND do well?  Depends on what you mean by ‘social life’. I made friends in labs, sat with friends in lecture, walked with them to class and occasionally went out to club events or escape rooms, and that was enough for me. There are parties on campus, but obviously don’t go to them all the time. As long as you can plan around social events then you should be fine.   -Can I go to medical/grad school if I go to UofT? What's the best pre-med program?  There is no such thing as a ‘best pre-med program’. Just pick something you like, you’re more likely to do better in it. Yes, you can go to medical/grad school if you come here, but don’t expect to get special treatment because you’re from ‘tHe bEsT sChOoL iN CaNaDa’. For med school, stay on top of your grades and do a shit ton of extra curriculars and maybe you’ll get in. For grad school, just do well in 3rd and 4th year.  -Are there research opportunities for first years?  YES! I am literally in one right now. UofT is great for research opportunities! They have programs geared towards putting undergrads in labs for the summer (LMP SURE), but it WILL be a bit difficult because you’re a first year. I only know 4 people who have managed to get a job at the lab this summer that are in first year, and not all of them are being paid-this is because us first years know literally nothing. None of us are actually doing ‘research’-we’re all in dry labs. Still, experience, right? I might make a seperate post containing all the research programs I know…  TECHNICAL QUESTIONS  I’m adding in some more info on some of the resources available at UofT. Not really super pertinent but helpful  What’s with ACORN?  ACORN is where you access all of your student information, pretty much. It has your courses, programs, fees, some tax forms related to your studies, etc. It also has a ‘Degree Planner’ option that allows you to pick hypothetical courses and see what you can accomplish in terms of programs.   Enrolling in courses  Course enrolment isn’t up yet; you should get an email in like, July telling you at what time you are eligible for enrolment (it’s in August). They do this in a sort of cohort fashion-certain students get to pick before others, but it usually doesn’t impact anything major except for the seminar courses, so have backup courses ready for any electives just in case! You will be able to sign up for Fall and Winter courses right away, but where Fall courses get ‘locked in’ in September,  you’re able to mess around with your Winter schedule until that semester starts. The 2019-2020 timetable HAS come out though, so you can plan your schedule now-just google the ‘UofT artsci timetable’ and you’ll find it (people also use Griddy)  Fees  I can only really speak to Ontario students here. Tuition is due in 2 parts-the 8,000 dollars aren’t actually due in August, but half of it is! You can find information on how to do this online, but if you took OSAP, remember to ask for deferral via ACORN-this tells the uni to wait until September, when OSAP will deposit the money.  Scholarships, Bursaries and UTAPS  If you won a scholarship, please check if they’ve specified where the money will be sent. Usually they’ll give you a cheque that’s for the university in your name (so don’t try to cash it!), or maybe they’ll direct deposit it so you don’t have to worry. Some scholarships give it to you directly, so you can do whatever with the money. Should you report to OSAP? Technically yes, but be prepared for a MAJOR decrease in funding, because the government hates you and wants to take your money. If you still have a deficit in funding in October, you can ask for some money from the university via UTAPS, which can qualify you for grants/bursaries/scholarships from UofT. You have to submit a form (Google it) to your Registrar, and if you’re in UC (I was) you will be called in so the registrar can nitpick through your account to find if there’s any way to NOT give you money. If that happens, don’t be afraid. Don’t take back your form, just answer the questions and leave. I got 3k this year even though my registrar kept asking me about my ‘additional funds’. Other colleges aren’t like this from what I’ve heard.  If you haven’t yet, check out the UofT page for scholarships. It’s too late for Fall scholarships, but a few are given out in the Winter semester so you can still apply!          2. Healthcare         Okay, so you have healthcare now. Yes, I know you probably already had some already, but if you’re an Ontario resident, guess what-it’s a great add on. International students-I’m sorry, I don’t know what UHIP covers but I’m pretty sure we get the same coverage. The good thing about UofT’s healthcare (Studentcare) is that it actually covers things that usually aren’t in OHIP-Dental, Chiropractors, Psychiatry, Vision etc; but of course, there is a spending cap. For example, you can spend 2,500 on therapy throughout the year. Studentcare has teamed up with certain businesses and institutions to make accessibility to some of this easier, so look into it. Studentcare also covers TB Tests (Health and Wellness didn’t tell me this, the audacity) and some vaccines, so take advantage! Check out the website to get a full list (https://www.utsu.ca/health/). Bonus tip-You can add family members to your plan at the beginning of each semester (Change-of-Coverage-Period).  -How do I use my Healthcare? Okay so this part is the shitty part. So you DO have to initially pay for the treatment in most cases-for example, my TB test cost 70$, and I paid for it. Get the receipt, and then file it-you should get a refund. You can do this by filling out the Healthcare Claim forms at UTSU, or you can use the Studentcare app to file it quicker. I would recommend Studentcare, they give you your money back faster. Just take a good picture of the receipt and send it to them.  GENERAL TIPS I’VE LEARNED  Printing is 5c at Sidney Smith, 4c at Innis, and 3c at UTSU instead of 25c at the library.   Take advantage of the skating/swimming/any lessons offered at UofT! Learn something!  Spend time really acquainting yourself with all the cool things and places on campus. Find ways to cut through buildings or alleyways to save time. (No one in my friend group knew that Lash Miller and McLennan were connected!)  The Starbucks at Robarts is more expensive than the one near St.George Stn.  The Timmies at Sid Smith does NOT take Timmies Cards.    Thats’s all I have, folks! Comment below if you have more questions/nuggets of wisdom I should edit in.
0.067 |  Questions about convocation Hey guys, was just mentally preparing for convocation... and was hoping to ask a few questions  1. How long is it? I heard it's around two hours, but what if you're in a small college e.g. Innis? Do people leave earlier once they get it, or sit through the whole thing?  2. Does everybody shout and cheer for ... everyone? I literally have 0 friends graduating with me this year (all chose to do another 1/2 or full year) and don't know anyone in my college :-( I don't want my parents to think I'm a loser... 3. What is the "Free sample of convocation photo via email" Is there a photographer that comes to take a pic or something?  4. Anything else I should know? Tips?   &amp;#x200B;  Thanks :-)
0.107 |  innis re-entry? i re applied to live at innis second year and i was told by an older resident that i’d hear back by the end of may, i was also told that i was almost guaranteed a spot bc i went to all the meetings and am a club president now, but i haven’t heard anything, and neither has my friend who also re applied.   does anyone know when i’ll get confirmation (or rejection)??
0.071 |  ELI5: How do meal plans work and what are TBucks and TCards and how can they be used? I will probably be at Innis res next year (currently in highschool) and they don't have a meal plan but I heard somewhere that you can buy a meal plan from New or Victoria college. I also heard some things about TBucks but I don't understand how/why they work. If you buy a meal plan from new college for example, do you get a Tcard with money on it and that's how you pay for your meals every day? Or is a meal plan separate from TBucks.  Sorry for the confusing wording. I'm very confused and would appreciate any help thaaanks
0.0 |  Innis likelihood as a second year applying now? So I'm entering second year now and wanna live at Innis during the year because I can cook and it's actually a decent price and location. How likely is it for me to get an offer though because I applied only now?
0.0 |  FLC through Central or through College? Hey, so I've been admitted to Life Sciences and when I went to the welcome orientation for Art-Sci, I was told to join a FLC.  On the FLC form, it gives me an option of choosing to do the FLC hosted through FLC Central, or through my college, which is Innis.   I picked Central over Innis since it had a better preset timetable for me personally. Are there any benefits of choosing my college over central? I am also living off-campus if that helps.   &amp;#x200B;  Thanks in advance my dudes
0.027 |  innis college application i just got an email from innis saying that my application is still under review and i didn't make the first round of offers, but they have their second round by june 5th. innis was my first choice and i have an average of around 89/90 (im from alberta, i'm not sure if our average is raised by 2% still, but if it is then it would be 91/92). how likely is it that i get in during second round admissions?   &amp;#x200B;  thanks!!
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.052 |  Need to get out of SMC ASAP I have had nothing but terrible experiences with all but two of the SMC registrars. I also feel extremely uncomfortable going to the registrar because the alt-right, Islamophobic, racist, and misogynistic front desk staff member is still working there?????  The thing is, I'm going to my fourth year and I want to graduate in a year's time. I also don't know which college I should apply to. If it makes a difference, I have a competitive cGPA and it wouldn't hurt if I could scoop up some money from the college I transfer to.  I know I will need help from the registrar this upcoming year and the thought of having to walk over to that God-awful college is really unsettling.   Would really appreciate some advice on which college I could go to. I've emailed Innis, Vic, and UC asking if they'd consider an application and so far only Innis turned me down.
0.051 |  Messed Up Res Applications Hi I'm an incoming first year and I forgot to apply to res early so I'm not I'm guaranteed a spot. Would you guys know the likelihood of me getting into Innis or Woodworth and do u guys suggest any other options?
0.025 |  I have questions about Loretto College/Residence and the colleges in general First of all, my understanding of the difference between college and residence is very foggy. I know one is a community and the other is where you live?   Anyway, I'm a currently a high school student. I'm planning on doing engineering at UTSG. I also have an offer from an artsci course and that offer came with an offer for innis college. Does that mean that I'm not in any college community thingy if go to engineering?   Also, about Loretto, what is it like? Is it very conservative? I heard that they're affiliated with St Mike's and that St Mike's isn't very accepting of LGBTQ students. Is that true? As someone who's bi, should I be worried? Loretto is my second choice on MyRes for engineering (I didn't research enough) but I'm hoping I get into my first choice (Innis).  Sorry for all the questions, even a bit of info on any of these would be a ton of help, thank you 🙏🏽
0.022 |  Looking to buy convocation tickets from someone in Innis or Trinity I'm graduating the morning of June 11th. I'm in Innis, but Trinity is graduating at the same time. My grandparents are very eager to see me do the whole "walk across the stage and get a diploma" bit, but I couldn't request enough extra tickets to include all of them (and the ones I did request aren't a guarantee anyways). Is there anyone here graduating at the same time who can help me out? I'm more than willing to compensate!
0.047 |  Is there any way to change my residence rankings? I submitted the MyRes application for my engineering program back in March but now I realized I don't want to get into my second choice, which is loretto's college. I believe if I make any changes to the MyRes application, I won't be guaranteed residence.  My first choice is Innis but they have limited spots for engineering so I'm afraid they'll put me in loretto.  If I contact them, would they change it for me?
0.037 |  When do the St. George residences send decisions? I applied for undergrad engineering, and astronomy (2 programs) and I haven't gotten a decision for residence for either one yet. I submitted the MyRes application in mid March (before the March 31st deadline). Some of my friends have gotten their decisions already, but they applied to different residences. My top choice for both was Innis, and then University. Any idea when they might send me decisions for residences?  Thank you, from a very stressed out high school student
0.0 |  Innis College residence for engineering Does anyone know the likelihood of getting Innis College for residence as an engineering student? Provided that it’s number 1 in MyRes selection?
0.018 |  Considering going to UofT - have a few questions So I have a few options as to where to go for my studies, and UofT is one of them. I'm Canadian but not a resident, so there were lots of admissions scholarships that I couldn't get because of that. I'm going to do a Physics Specialist program, probably going on to do at least a Master's after that.   I was admitted to Innis College Residence and got a ~$3000 entrance scholarship from them. So I looked at how much a degree at UofT would cost, assuming that I'd spend one year in residence and three years out:  * $8380 tuition * $9577.14 to live at Innis for 8 months * $1000 per month for rent and utilities off-campus * $50 per month for internet * $280 per month for food * $100 per month for textbooks and course supplies * $60 per month for phone/mobile data * $120 per month for health and personal care * $150 per month for monthly entertainment and other expenses * $1000 per year to travel to UofT and come back to my home country    Which adds up to $99 077.14 over the course of 4 years. Are these estimates accurate?   Besides this, I have a few other questions:    * How feasible is it to work and study as a full-time student (maintaining a high GPA of course) * If it is feasible, how much is it possible to earn that way? * What are the chances of getting in-course scholarships? * How difficult is it to get a well-paying PEY as a Physics student? * What is the learning environment like, especially in Physics? * How are the professors in general? * How would you rate the quality of learning? * If I don't like drinking/smoking/partying, what is the social life like?  Thanks a lot!
0.027 |  Difference between urban geography, urban planning &amp; urban studies? Hi!     I'm an undergrad here at U of T, considering double majoring in Architectural studies + one of the three options listed in the question above.     Basically, if you're interested in studying cities at U of T, you can major in Human Geography and then "focus" in urban geography or urban planning. Or you can take a completely different route and major in Urban Studies at Innis.      I'm wondering if anyone has experience in any of these paths, and can help me make up my mind. I'm not sure which is best!     To help paint the picture, I'm a "spatial thinker" interested in architecture, urban design, critical urban theory, transportation, housing, social justice, accessibility, etc.      I'd be interested in getting a masters in either architecture or urban planning, or something else.     Thanks!
0.0 |  can i apply for housing at another college? got accepted into uc, didn’t really think much about dorms and stuff and thus didn’t do any proper research on the colleges. can i apply for housing at another college like innis next year?
0.0 |  Questions about Innis College I recently got into U of T and into Innis College. However, I am majoring in CS so I was wondering whether I would find like minded people there... what is Innis College like?
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.0 |  Need an advice regarding picking a college. I realized that besides picking the program, I shoud also pick the college. I'm planning to apply for math program, and I have a choice Innis, Trinity, or Victoria. They all need to be the first in order to be even considered. Wich one should I choose?
0.035 |  Residence choice for first year engineering student I am going to engineering(engsci) this fall ,   I am thinking to rank residence. My first choice would be Innis, New college is also OK but I don't quit want a meal plan. I heard Innis is competitive for engineering student, not sure if a 96 is good enough? And if New college residence  would be easier to get in than Innis? I want to rank one of these two as my first choice, and want to know which one would be easier to get an offer.
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.0 |  Co-Op Got an offer from St George for Comp Sci at Innis College, I was wondering, does it have Co-Op/PEY?
0.053 |  My name is Lucas Granger, and I am running to be your next UTSU VP External Affairs - AMA! Hey r/UofT!  My name is Lucas Granger, and I am running to be your next Vice President External Affairs!  Throughout my time here at UofT I have mostly been involved through Innis College, first serving as a Senior House Representative if the Innis Residence Council. I have also served as a student representative of the Innis College Council (Innis College’s parity student/admin governing body) for two years now - where I currently moderate the Student Affairs Board.  This year, I have had the pleasure of serving as the one and only Innis College Director for the UTSU. During my time, I have served on the Finance, Governance, Outreach, UTM Negotiations, and Governance Review committees. Before this year I had no idea how much work the UTSU did or how it even got accomplished, and it has been a really eye opening experience (to say the least).  I will admit, my platform has some lofty goals, but many are definitely achievable, I would be lying to you and myself if I thought otherwise:  **Leave the CFS** (defund!) - Self explanatory on this sub, but [this report from 2015](https://thevarsity.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/CFSReportDraft.docx_.pdf) and [this report from this term](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vw7vhjW9woPR9XRhwBnjZUwpYhat3Abh/view) will give some info on how the UTSU has felt about CFS for a few years, and how I continue to feel.  **Rent-Smart Campaign** - A document/campaign to inform our students of their rights as tenants, signs of neglect in rental units, and how to proceed with formal complaints  **Campus Pedestrian Safety Audit** - There are many crossings on campus that prioritize cars over people, we shouldn’t fear crossing the street to get to class (especially on a campus as large as ours)  **Central UTSU documents website** - To ensure that our work doesn’t get lost in meeting minutes/the UTSU blog - Compile a list of Student Discounts that we have access to in and around campus, with a mandate to constantly update this list. Do something similar with services provided by other student groups/organizations.  **UofT Extreme Weather Policy** - Telling our students campus is closed 5 minutes before it happens is kinda bullshit, especially with our overwhelming population of commuting students.  - Campus is also inaccessible during these snowstorms, UofT needs to do better to ensure ALL of our students can access campus if they continue to demand that campus stays open - As VP External Affairs, my part in this would likely to explore how other universities have approach this type of policy, as well as lobbying the City of Toronto to ensure that campus sidewalks are cleared early and often  **Student Transit Access** - Attempt to lobby the TTC to tie the student presto discount to post-secondary students - Although I believe in the idea of a UPass, I would only bring it to a referendum if it was substantially different than last year. I don’t believe it’s fair to run the same referendum until it passes - Another goal is to lobby the university to extend subsidization for access to the UTM-UTSG Shuttle Bus. Many of our students commute in from Mississauga using this service, and I would like to see our university extend some privileges to them as well!  **Sustainability**  - Revive the UTSU sustainability commission as an advisory body, tasked with beginning a Recycling Campaign for environmental education on campus   **Federal Election** - The Federal Election is coming in October of this year, and I would like to see the UTSU hold a local MP candidate debate focused on student issues  - To accomplish this I would like to work with all of the campus political groups to come up with a series of questions in a collaborative and fair fashion  **UTSU financial stability** - Student Choice Initiative is going to give us some trouble, and I firmly believe that we need to be more responsible with how we approach it  - Less executive priority spending, more spending on the provision of services and clubs funding  **Tuition Freezes**  - International and Deregulated fees are crazy, it is unfair to place such a large burden on our students with very few regulations.  And more!  Please feel free to ask anything about what I’ve experienced or what I want to accomplish (at least in part) next year. I will be continuing to campaign during the voting period on my [event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/1969872423141219/).   Anyways, thanks for taking the time to read my ramblings - welcome to my AMA - I will be answering questions after the UTSU debate tonight, and again throughout tomorrow before the Varsity debate!
0.0 |  Engineering student needing advice on residences Hello all, first time on this sub. I’m applying to U of T (St. George campus) and I need some advice for choosing my residence by March 31st. I live in the US (I’m a Canadian citizen and I applied 105D so I get that nice tuition rate), and haven’t been able to tour the residences at U of T, so I need a little help if you wouldn’t mind, please.  My first-choice program is Engineering Science, second Mechanical Engineering, and third Chemical Engineering. I’d like to have fitness options in my residence as well.  My options are Chestnut Residence, Innis Residence (I’m leaning towards this one), New College Residence, St. Michael’s College, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, and Victoria University Residence.  What do you guys think is the best residence option for a student like me?  Thank you!
0.0 |  What is the best 2019 Summer res option if I want a solo room on St. George campus? Self explanatory, I was thinking Innis or Woodsworth but I do not know if I want to share a place with 3 other roommates.
0.0 |  Guests in Innis Residence? Hi all, I'm a student working in Toronto over the summer and I was looking into living at Innis Residence. From here and on the code of conduct they have on their website I've heard they have a pretty strict guest policy during school terms (i.e. have to sign in any people who want to enter the building).   &amp;#x200B;  I was wondering if it's the same way over the summer or if it's more relaxed because it's not a regular school term.
0.0 |  switching colleges ? hi there - im a grade 12 recently admitted to uoft ! for my college i got accepted to trinity, but i was wondering if there was anyway (through ouac or uoft?) that i could switch colleges. i can't afford a meal plan and am hoping to switch to woodsworth or innis lmao
0.031 |  Any College suggestions aimed specifically for CompEng Undergrad Students? So, I managed to get accepted for the CompEng department with Scholars.  I am confused about what college is best for a computer engineering student. I want to find a place that offers me financial security (which I really need) in terms of scholarships in the future.   I want to find a housing place that can really encourage me to engage in club and leadership opportunities in the future, since I want to go into entrepreneurship in the future.   I really like the sound of Innis College, but I heard that scholarship money dries up in upper years. They don't offer meal plans, but I can cook.  Victoria sounds really nice, but I heard that it's only double room. I don't really want a roommate, and I'm willing to pay for it.  I'm a national by the way. 
0.202 |  I love how Innis and Rotman gives zero shit on clearing snow 
0.0 |  Does anyone know about Every Nation GTA? Is it a cult? They seem to be a church which meets at Innis College on Sundays. A friend of mine is trying to convince me to join. Is it a cult? \\
0.0 |  How to live on residence in upper years? I’m going into second year in September and was wondering how do I increase my chances to get a residence offer? I’d prefer to live somewhere that’s an apartment style like woodsworth or innis but most places say they reserve most rooms for first years. I didn’t live in residence this year so I don’t really have people to recommend me or anything
0.0 |  Where do people in residence at Innis get food? [deleted]
0.055 |  Petro pass transfer question **Why I'm trying to use a transfer:** hurt my ankle and need to go from sheppard/yonge station --&gt; st. george station --&gt;  innis college registrar --&gt; medsci building --&gt; mt. sinai hospital --&gt; queen's park station. Don't want to walk too much if possible - would rather sit for an extra 10-15  minutes.  &amp;#x200B;  **What I'm thinking of doing  (not familiar with using ttc around campus bc i live uptown):** If i went to St. george station, stayed for an hour around campus ---&gt; then hopped on one of the spadina trams to somewhere on college street and walked to mr. sinai--&gt; then went to queen's park station... is this considered a valid transfer?  &amp;#x200B;  **tl;dr:** if i managed to use different buses/stations within 2 hours can i basically travel around this huge ass campus w/ basically a free transfer?   &amp;#x200B;
0.106 |  Tf is going with the Bracket Thing So, I’m part of the Facebook meme group ufot memes for true 🅱️lue teens and my Facebook feed is literally just full of memes related to the brackets and Vic vs Innis (or Engineering or whatever the fuck is going on)? I’m honestly just so lost as it keeps changing (with the fake Brazilian votes, the McDonald’s at NFs, and everything else related to it) so could explain me how the hell this all started. I go to UTSC so I’m usually out of the loop for a lot of stuff that happens at St.George and as a journalism student, I think this would be an interesting thing to write about, sort of tracking events chronologically in a timeline so if someone give a chornological timeline of what happened and why the hell this all started. Thank you Kayne, very cool 
0.0 |  Why is Innis supposedly the nicest college? 
0.043 |  A comparison of the college's semi-formals/formals I chose UC as my college for a few reasons, one of them being Fireball. However, all of these Innis open bar memes has me thinking that some of the college's formals may be better than others. What are some highlights or negative thoughts of each of the college's formals (if you have been)? I may consider going to another college's formal this year.  P.S. gg to both innis and UC :)
0.0 |  Innis chants? In light of recent events, I've been trying to remember some of the innis chants from first year.   &amp;#x200B;  I only remember the "I-n-n-i-s innis innis is the best" and the "p-a-rt-y party hardy at the big I" ones. Remind me of some other ones please? 
0.0 |  Are those houses within our campus for student housing or are they just regular residences? Those houses in the west/northwest part of our campus near Robarts Library and Innis College area.
0.089 |  Easiest college to get into? I'm a first year at UTSC studying Econ/Business and... It's ass. Res sucks, the building looks like a prison, boring environment..  I tried applying to UTSG when I was in grade 12 for Architecture and Life sciences with a low 80 average, and obviously I didn't get in...so I'm trying again this year but for Economics this time. I literally don't want to stay for another year at UTSC.  So does anyone know which college I should rank first, second, third .... to maximize my chances of doing a transfer?  Also, I prefer having a single room and I heard only Woodsworth, Innis and Victoria offer them.. which of the 3 is the easiest to get into?  and lastly, I heard I have to get a 3.7 cGPA to do a transfer... at what GPA would UTSG realistically not accept me for economics? I'm working hard right now but I just need a motivational number you know wht I mean.
0.0 |  Innis vs Woodsworth vs New College [removed]
0.0 |  photocopy in innis which floor in the innis college can i print stuff?
0.092 |  Is it risky to print a whole textbook at a printing service on campus? I’m trying to print this 500 page mat223 pdf I pirated, but idk if it’s risky or not to print it on campus   What do you all think the non peak hours are to print something? (preferably, innis college library)
0.064 |  Any printing services that sell 3 cents per page/side black and white? The Innis printer used to charge 3 cents per page without tax but is out of service. Does anyone know of any other printing services that charges the same amount around downtown Toronto?
0.0 |  Innis One or ENG140? [deleted]
0.0 |  innis info??? when am i getting my info about innis? i know move in is sept 2nd and that i’ve been confirmed a spot but that’s literally it. has anyone else gotten anything else? like who their roommates are or what room they’re in? or even what to bring?
0.045 |  Incoming transfer student is it worth going to Frosh? I’m a second year transfer student from the Scarborough campus. I’m in Innis college and is debating whether I should attend Frosh again this year. It was pretty shitty in Scarborough and I was wondering if the Frosh here is any good?   Any input would be helpful  TLDR: is it worth going to Innis Frosh for a transfer second year student 
0.016 |  Woodsworth Res Questions I'm a first year who got accepted into CompSci and I'm nervous about the types of people I can expect to meet in residence.   Woodsworth Frosh/Orientation Week  * Is it a friendly environment for introverted people?  * Were the events fun/weird?  * Did you make lots of long-term friends - ex. People you still talk to now? 	 Dorms  * How many people can I expect to be living with as a first-year? I know Woodsworth says between 4-6 people but can anyone share how many people they lived with in first-year?  * Do residents receive a lock/pass to access individual bedrooms in the dorm for privacy? 	 Cleanliness of Dorms   * One of my biggest issues right here! Personally I'm not a fan of sharing washrooms with other people and using public washrooms. This is one of the reasons why I ruled out 5 of the 7 colleges and made Woodsworth and Innis my top two picks. What has been your overall experience with sharing a washroom with your roommates?  * Does everyone get their own personal cabinet/space in the kitchen? Is the kitchen kept clean and neat? Is it a good idea to keep a mini-fridge in your bedroom?  If there's anything else worth discussing about the Residence in general please feel free to mention it! Thanks
0.0 |  Is there any other cheap printing on campus? The one in Innis college is out of service. Is there any other cheap printing on campus?  Thanks!
0.035 |  Res Payment So I just deferred my payments on ACORN and I got my invoice for my tuition but nothing for my Residence (Innis) anyone have any idea why that is, what I have to do for it to go there and where to pay?
0.0 |  Ground breaking geography resource done on the grounds of Innis quad [removed]
0.0 |  Innis Frosh [deleted]
0.0 |  Urban studies first year Can I minor in urban studies even though I’m not in innis college. 
0.0 |  Questions about Innis One [deleted]
0.0 |  roomates at innis (1st year) [deleted]
0.0 |  Academic orientation for Innis I recently got an email inviting me to the Innis academic orientation. While I will be a member of Innis College this coming school year, I will be a commuting student. I’m just wondering if this orientation is catered more toward students staying on res and if it’s worth my time to attend.
0.0 |  Looking for Innis College Convocation Tickets! was looking for four convacation tickets (June 15), if anyone wanna sell their tickets, please PM me:)
0.0 |  Innis College Convocation Morning Session Tickets!\:) was looking for four convacation tickets (June 15), if anyone wanna sell their tickets, please PM me:)
0.0 |  Upper year residence chances? I lived in chestnut first year and applied for woodsworth, innis, new college and UC for my 2nd year.  Am I considered a returning student since I lived at chestnut 1st year?  What are my chances of getting into a res 2nd year?
0.0 |  Innis College Convacation Tickets~_ was looking for four convacation tickets (June 15), if anyone wanna sell their tickets, please PM me:)
0.0 |  Innis Convacation Morning Session Tickets [removed]
0.0 |  Innis Convacation Morning Session Tickets was looking for four convacation tickets (June 15), if anyone wanna sell their tickets, please PM me:)
0.0 |  Innis Convacation Tickets Morning Session  was looking for four convacation tickets (June 15), if anyone wanna sell their tickets, please PM me:)
0.0 |  Selling one convocation ticket for Innis &amp; Trin (June 15 morning ceremony) [removed]
0.0 |  innis college advice?? [deleted]
0.0 |  Find roommates at Innis residence of U of T Hi guys!my name is Tim Chen. I have get accepted to the computer science program at U of T. Now I am eager to find three male roommates at Innis college.Is there anyone who's gonna live in the Innis residence this September? If u want to be my roommate plz text me as soon as possible.
0.177 |  Anyone staying in Innis during summer? Let's chill, building looks so empty
0.059 |  Innis vs Chestnut I have got Innis Membership for CS at UTSG. I am confused between Innis and Chestnut? Considering money is not an issue, which is better? Also consider student life and parties.
0.062 |  International Relations Hi everyone, I received an offer of admission for Social Sciences at Innis next year. This being said, could I choose any program within Social Sciences? For example I could choose between Political Science and International Affairs?  Also, my knowledge on POST (I'm not too sure about the details so sorry for any mistakes) is that if I were admitted to Social Science, I attend a general program first year then I have to apply and declare for a major of choice (in this case International Affairs) is that accurate? If so, do you think I'd be capable of being accepted into that major while I have High School grades in the high 80s and low to mid 90s?  Thanks everyone! 
0.0 |  any thoughts about innis college? I have just applied a few months ago, and I have about an 85.7 average. I don't know if that will get me in or what but I hope it does. I also applied to Innis college? I just have some questions about it, and I wonder other people's personal experiences. Is there a larger film crowd there? Is there alot to do with the film studies program around there? I am heavily interested in movies and it would be cool to see that around there.  I'm just curious so any ideas and experiences would be appreciated. thanks.  
0.023 |  U of T vs. U Ottawa Hey everyone, I'm currently a grade 12 student who lives in Ottawa. I'm looking to study Political Science in university. I was admitted into the University of Ottawa with a $3000 annual scholarship (although OSAP will essentially match that in bursaries if I go to U of T) as well as a coop placement (I spend a couple terms doing paid work gathering work experience, pay and credits for those who don't know). A couple of days ago I was offered a place at UTSG Innis College for Social Science/Political Science. I've found myself incredibly conflicted between the two universities. Clearly U of T is a much more prestigious school and the experience of being able to live on my own in res is something I think I'd really enjoy but on the other hand at U Ottawa I wouldn't have to spend money on housing or food as well as the fact that I'd benefit from a coop placement after my first year. Also I plan on continuing my education after I receive my undergrad be it a law degree or a masters degree and I heard that U of T kills your grades so I'm wondering if that would have a significant impact on getting into a post undergrad degree.   Thanks in advance to anyone who helps out, I really appreciate it :)
0.049 |  Innis vs Woodsworth Hey guys, I've applied to UofT for Fall 2018. If I had to choose between Innis and Woodsworth, where should I go? My intended major is Economics if that makes a difference. Plus: How big of a role does your college play? Like is it only the place you're going to be living (if I choose on-campus res)? Or does it play a bigger role?   Sorry for the dumb question I don't know anything about the college system.  Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Summer Residence - Innis Hi UofT, infiltrating from the UW subreddit in peace   Does anyone have experience with applying for summer residences in Innis for May to August, and what the competition is like? Should I expect to get a spot if I'm just applying by myself or does priority go to groups of 4/5 and then fill up? Have a co-op in Toronto and figured it was an easy/secure/cheaper place to live rather than apartments/sublets around the city.  Thank you friends 
0.019 |  Innis College Residence?? I'm a high school student who recently got accepted to U of T St George Life Science and Innis College. On the MyRes page, I had to rank Innis residence as well as Chestnut. I really don't want to go to Chestnut; Innis is wayyyyyy cheaper and I want to cook for myself. Just seems like my kind of vibe. What are the chances of me getting into Innis Res/how is it chosen? Is it mark based or random? When does UofT send out residence offers? I haven't accepted my offer yet but I'm 95% sure that I am going to UofT. If I accept my offer now, does that increase my priority for residence ranking? Thanks :)
0.0 |  Internal Transfer from college to college? Hi guys. I am now in Innis college but kinda want to transfer to New. does anyone know if we are even allowed to do that? I tried searching everywhere but nowhere seems to have even mentioned this. Thanks in advance!
0.014 |  kind of stupid question about writing and rhetoric hi! I'm a (clearly overambitious) grade 11 student and I was looking into courses and the writing and rhetoric course caught my eye. I'm not a math and science person and I like writing and opinion based stuff so I thought maybe that would be good to look into? but I have a few questions  1. the program website is innis college. do I have to go there to take the course? I'm looking at vic or university college   2. if that falls under the humanities and I apply for that branch can I still take some social science courses because I'm also into sociology and the like.  3. anyone who has taken it, is it a good course? what are things you can go into from it?  thank you so much
0.108 |  What's wrong with some of the people at trinity college? Before I get downvoted, I am in trin too...but a lot of my friends are in other colleges like UC, new, innis.etc  I'm in a bunch of the college facebook groups, and most of them seem pretty chill or just advertisements, except trin for some reason has a weird obsession I feel with like, being gay (nothing wrong with it), sexuality, political correctness and so on.  Recently there was a post about having a screening of a drag queen pageant or something?  Why?  I also feel like the trin social group just jerks each other off liking each others comments, because I feel when a random trin member asks a question or makes a comment, nobody pays attention, but if one of the heads or social kids say something (not even funny or witty) they just circle jerk each other up.    Point is, what's wrong with trin?  What's with their weird obsession with being "different" from other uoft students who are jsut there for their degree?  When do these kids have time to foam from the mouth about social justice and sexuality?  don't they have assignments and midterms? 
0.039 |  Should I take summer courses and live on res? Hey guys, I realized being home for reading week that I really would rather jump off a building than stay home for 4 months. I enjoy being at school and on residence much more.   I am a first year student atm, doing pretty well in my courses so far and I have friends in Toronto(I am on st. George btw). So I don’t think I will be lonely or any of that shit.  I don’t really have any friends on my residence(innis) and that’s where I would apply to live for summer courses.   What are the things I should know about if I decided to take summer courses? Will it be easier, harder, will OSAP give me money, what’s the social life like?   Thanks ;) 
0.0 |  Anyone living in Innis this summer? If you lived there before, how was your experience? How are the rooms, cleanliness, noise level, amenities, etc. It'll be my first time living there.
0.139 |  Why does Innis have such good WiFi? (eduroam, and UofT are both crazy fast) 
0.02 |  Choosing between the 7 Colleges Hey UofT!  I'm having trouble choosing what my choices are between the seven colleges. I want to study something in the humanities (likely International Relations/Public Policy) and am trying to figure out what order of colleges to request. I'm leaning towards Innis as my #1 with New as my #2, but without any context for how the scene is at each college I really don't know.   If any of you have any advice on this it'd be appreciated.   Thanks!
0.11 |  Can one still hang out at Innis Cafe after it closes at 4pm? It's not like the building closes too, right?
0.039 |  Colleges for faculty of arts and science I'm a little confused on why they're called "colleges", is it just a quirky little thing?  Also, if innis, Victoria, Trinity, and Woodworth (for rotmann) all need to be first choices to be considered , after I choose one of them as your top choice, should I just rank all the other ones at the bottom because I won't be going to those no matter what? Thanks!
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.036 |  [International] Help me choose a UTSG College pls! Hey there! Apologies if this has been asked already but I really need help with picking my top choice :(  I've narrowed my choices down to Innis, New, UC, and Woodsworth  I'd like to go to a college with the least amount of college-specific requirements (I want to avoid unique first-year programs like VicOne for example if possible) Does every college have something like this in their first year? Which college's requirements are the most chill? Are these programs optional?  I want to study Computer Science and Physics and plan to live in residence. Which college do you think would get me closest to classes/best libraries/technology clubs etc?  I'm an atheist and I don't mind anything else about college as long as I can make friends and interact with profs and the party scene is great :D  I would prefer a smaller-sized college over a larger one but then again, it doesn't matter that much  Pls help  [EDIT: after doing some more research, I still can't choose between New and UC!!!]
0.017 |  Help deciding on my college rankings Hi all! I'm going to apply to the University of Toronto soon and I'm trying to decide on my college rankings. Here's my deal:  I enjoy partying but don't nesicarily want a "party" culture in my college at UoT. I like the idea of apartment style housing over dorms. I want to have some sense of a smaller community and also want to make sure I can get away from the noise of the city if I want to - some green space would be great. My major will be computer science. That being said, I have a range of interests from Environmental and Political Science to Visual Arts. I'm a solid student although I'm not sure if my rigor would be up to par with Trinity or Victoria.  Given this information, my preliminary research, and talking to people that I know go to UoT, this is my ranking of Colleges:  Innis, Woodsworth, Victoria, New, St. Michaels, Trinity, University  Where do you guys live and what would you recommend?  Thanks!  EDIT: I'm down to having Victoria or Innis as my first choice. There can only be one! Which would you guys favor and why?
0.0 |  Best college/residence if applying for Rotman Commerce? I like the apartment style residences, so I'm considering Woodsworth or Innis (ik that 1st year classes are mostly not in the commerce building). Does anyone else have any recommendations/are dorm style residences better? Do any of the colleges have some unique thing going for them that is worth applying for? Thank you!
0.0 |  Innis College Library just had a renovation and it's pretty darned nice ... 
0.012 |  Choosing a College and Residence Hi there everyone! I'm applying for U of T SG for 2018 and as the title says, I got some questions about choosing a college and residence. A bit of background on me; I'm a Senior and a Canadian currently living in Southeast Asia. I have a huge interest in Politics and History so naturally, I'm inclined to major in Political Science or International Relations. Career-wise, I'm geared towards attaining a Law Degree so I can either end up in the Foreign Service or in a Think Tank. However, I'm keeping an open mind about that at the time being. I do MUN and Student Council as extracurriculars and I did some community outreach immersion with ex-juvy kids. I did well in my Junior Year (GPA of 3.75 out of 4); currently doing AP World History and Comparative Government; I got an ACT score of 27 with an 8 on the essay (Gonna take the October test to raise it); 700 and 640 on my World and US History SAT 2s, respectively.  I did my research and I'm stuck choosing between Trinity and Innis. I know Trinity has a concentration on IR and ESL while Innis has a stream on Cinema, Writing and Urban Studies. Moreover, I'm aware that Trinity and Innis state that they only consider first-choice applicants - Trinity being the college that requires an essay as a supplement. Lastly, I know that whichever college you end up doesn't restrict you from any program. I'm definitely open to either UC and New as my second choices.  From scouring different blogs, information on the U of T site, opinions from people who went to U of T, it seems like Trinity is the most selective amongst the colleges but has a bad rep. Innis seems to be competitive as well. They don't seem to publish statistics about previous incoming classes.   I plan on living in residence throughout my whole 4 years and financials are not much of a concern. I don't really have a preference for a particular type of residence (single rooms, suites) but residences with great amenities and facilities is a huge plus. I've never been on a campus tour however, I've watched a couple of tours on Youtube and seen some photos of the dorms. Out of the two, Innis' residence seems to have more coverage than Trinity.   So here are my questions:  1. Trinity or Innis? - considering my interests in mind.  2. How competitive is it getting into either of the two? Realistic chances?  3. How is the student life/atmosphere in Trinity and Innis? Pros and Cons?  4. Can you be a member of Trinity or Innis but live in another college residence?  5. UC or New as second choices?   Thanks for taking your time reading this. Have a great day!
0.093 |  How will not going to frosh affect me? I planned to go at first, but Harvey hit my city (Houston) and kind of ruined all my plans. I just got to Toronto yesterday morning and there is literally no way I can go to frosh with all the things I have to do and buy (mobile plans, bank accounts, drivers license, etc). Will this negatively impact my experience at UofT?  I'm from Innis, if that makes a difference. 
0.0 |  How boring/fun is Innis Frosh gonna be? Havent heard anything about Innis frosh on this sub. Is it worth going to or interesting at all? Or is it gonna be as boring/quiet as Innis' rep is?
0.049 |  Choosing colleges based on their sponsored majors I'm planning on attending for next year's academic year and applying in September. I know I want to take Book and Media studies and that St. Mikes sponsors it, but I don't really want to be a part of St. Mikes, I was looking more at something like Innis. I also want a coed floor, which I know St. Mikes doesn't have. I'm also not religious, and I know St. Mike's is. Has anyone taken a major that was sponsored by a college and been apart of that one or another? Do you regret it? 
0.042 |  Innis Residence I'm currently on the waitlist but I might get a spot in Innis residence if some students cancel their reservation and I get a turn too. I'm really looking forward to this. Did anyone else live here before? Is there anything I need to know? I'm going into second year btw :)
0.0 |  Innis Residence Application [deleted]
