0.0 |  UofT Summer Residence - any thoughts on staying at the new college dorm Wetmore Hall? [removed]
0.0 |  Which is better for the summer - Morrison Hall vs Wetmore Hall? [removed]
0.0 |  What Happens at the New College Scholarship Receptions? I’ve been invited to the new college scholarship reception, but not many details were given. For anyone who’s been in previous years, is there a dinner served? Is it worth bringing my parent? What happens during the two hours?  Thanks!
0.024 |  Whats there to know about the UofT or Toronto? Hi Im going to go to UofT in September, Im going to the st George campus.   UofT has been my dream school for so long. Im going to be at new college does anyone have any advice or anything about UofT that I should know about.   I have some friends who I already know there so I know about the academic stress but otherwise how is Toronto?
0.038 |  THE VICTORIA COLLEGE ENVIRONMENTAL FASHION SHOW! (VEFS) Hi everyone!   We are VEFS, a student run Vic club! We are hosting a fashion show March 24, 25, and the 26 showcasing sustainable outfits all made from thrifted materials or hand crafted! With over 50+ creative  runway looks you don't want to miss out! Our theme this year is Andromeda: Where we originated from, and where we may return if environmental destruction persists. The reason in which our actions to address climate change and environmental justice may actually propel the problem, and the progression of time on Earth may only return us to the cosmic region we're born in.   Doors open for Friday and Saturday at 5PM, and 1PM on Sunday! There will also be thrift store pop ups and poster sales after the show. Bring your friends and come enjoy the production! The show will be held at William Doo Auditorium located on campus at 45 Willcocks St. New College. Visit our website at [vefs.ca](https://vefs.ca) for tickets and more information. You can also find us on Instagram @vefs\_   See you at the show!  Cheers,  VEFS
0.013 |  Residence recommendations for St. George Campus (engineering) Hi! I recently got accepted to Engineering Science at the St. George Campus.  However, I am unsure which other residences would be viable to apply to. So far I have looked into New College and Chestnut, but I couldn’t find much info about the other options.  Im mainly looking for proximity to the Campus, and the possibility of having a Single Room. I am a fairly outgoing person, but I also like to have my own personal space if possible.  Fellow EngSci or other engineering students at St. George, what college/residence would you recommend based on your own experiences?
0.013 |  Residence recomendations for St. George Campus (Engineering) Hi! I recently got accepted to Engineering Science at the St. George Campus.  However, I am unsure which other residences would be viable to apply to. So far I have looked into New College and Chestnut, but I couldn’t find much info about the other options.  Im mainly looking for proximity to the Campus, and the possibility of having a Single Room. I am a fairly outgoing person, but I also like to have my own personal space if possible.  Fellow EngSci or other engineering students at St. George, what college/residence would you recommend based on your own experiences?
0.085 |  Looking for off-campus housing I’m looking for rentals near new college. I recently checked out the waverly but found out it wasn’t really safe around the area, it would be great to get some recommendations 😭
0.073 |  Anywhere near Sid &amp; Smith/New College where I can practice speech alone? So yeah, I want to practice speech after class in Sid &amp; Smith and obviously I want to find somewhere I can do it alone. Anywhere inside S&amp;S or new college where there's room for a single person?
0.085 |  What aren't they telling me Hey U of T students,  I've just been admitted to UTSG for political science; I've been assigned to New College. My question is this: What should I know about U of T that I won't find out from the university propaganda videos, seminars, etc., good or bad, about the university, or New College specifically.
0.031 |  Cognitive Science Major Questions I'm an international student who’s already been accepted to the U of T Class of 2027 with admission to New College under the Physical and Mathematical Sciences category. My anticipated major is Cognitive Science, but I've noticed that it's listed under University College programs. I was wondering if I could major in CogSci as a student at New College, or if I no longer have the option available to me. (As an additional question is it possible for me to transfer to UC)
0.053 |  Any advice on eating healthy on New College meal plan? Does anyone have any advice on eating healthy on a New college/ chestnut meal plan?  I don’t like the salad options but it’s fine if that’s the only option that I have. I have been putting on weight like crazy
0.037 |  How can I save my group project grade? Profs should really change the way they evaluate a group project. Last week in a yr4 group project, I had been freeridden and disrespected, and I have no way no voice it out. I am not sure if this is because I join the group late.  \*Caution: Grammar demolished in my ranting.  \*Disclaimer: I understand I must not target an individual, however this a a small group which has &lt;4 people. There is not much candidate for each events I have mentioned below:  1. I ask the first teammate I met (denoted as A) to let me a look to the submission due soon first (I am not gonna change much, I understand as a latecomer, it may probably be a last minute change which is hard to accomodate), and whether A can connect other groupmates to me via a groupchat, which A all said "yes". Guess what? The first time I saw the submission was from the Prof's reply email: They email their submission to Prof without showing to me, and Prof reply this to every teammate "Do you sure every member read and acknowledge this submission?". My team did nothing towards my request. 2. For a meeting supposed to be happened at XX:00pm A said he/she/it would go to get some food first as he/she/it had consecutive lectures during the regular lunch hour and would be back soon. Half hour later I was asked if I can come to NC dining hall from Bahen. Me: Ok. (Dining hall is a bit noisy for discussion but not bad). XX:45pm we finally found each other in the dining hall, and A just ordered me to go to Robarts to find a space to wait, he/she/it will come later. That person was late for 45 min, asking me to run between buildings, and asked me to go elsewhere to wait again. 3. As per discussion, it was that person's task (1st) to create a blank slide template for collaboration. However, he/she/it only did that 5 days after the discussion, only after I ask again. 4. The discussed internal deadline of slides was at noon, and A added his/her/its stuff onto the slides 10 hours after the internal deadline, hours before the true deadline. A only left plain text, no diagrams, no in-text citations (these are basic requirements from prof), and his/her/its slides were the only pages that doing such minimal arts. 5. A added stuffs on the section I am responsible of without any notice before his/her/its part was completed, like explaining what is biology in a year 4 BIO presentation. (Not the case, just an analogy of what was added). Meanwhile, I never edit others' content (only formatting), and due to A, I had to spend extra time to recover my content the night before my test. 6. I have to do all the in-text citations for my whole group. I asked for those on-line to stay on-line and add the in-text citations but all just left, ignoring me. I ended up doing all the font adjustment and in-text citations, verifying all the citations for them within an hour. 7. As my presentation partner, A shows nearly no understanding on his/her/its part. A directly said  "I don't know" to answer audiences' question even though they were just asking sth written on A's slides. I was always the one who answer all questions for A at last. At last, 4 out of 6 criticisms received was related to A's work.  Here's the case:  The class outline stated that we had to sign a declaration of equal contribution to receive the grade. However, that declaration only accounts for slides. As everyone did their part on the slides (despite the quality), I can only reluctantly sign the declaration.  (1) I wonder if I still have any ways to seek for changes according to the university guidelines? I feel like freeriders stole my effort and was not respected, but the delcaration cannot protect me from that.  (2) Do you think there is any systematic pattern existing in all these events? Will this help my action of challenging the declaration?  Thank you guys!
0.071 |  New College Admissions Scholarship Is anyone familiar with the terms and conditions of this scholarship? The link isn't leading me to the right place, and there's nothing about it on the New College website either. Could it just be the same conditions as my conditional offer? (minimum 80% average, etc)  &amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/tr4qkcxs51ja1.png?width=1601&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=5beebc67f7bed7755f57a73a2cbc3f1dd43ac065  I'm confused since my friend who also got a membership to New College had an average that was 0.3 lower than mine, and yet they didn't receive this as well. Not sure if a lottery was involved or smth.
0.0 |  University College Residence help Hi, I just got into UofT (University College) a few days ago and I was researching about the three residences in university college, Whitney hall, Sir Daniel Wilson Residence and Morrison Hall. Could someone give me some information about the diffrences between the three residences eg. food, atmosphere etc? Thank you!!!
0.053 |  New College Parties Post Covid So can anyone shed some light in the New College social scene? Floor parties? House parties? Fun get togethers? Keep seeing post that rez is lame. How do people blow off steam and have fun?!
0.0 |  New College vs Woodworth College Hii! I'm an Ontario gr12 applying to uoft faculty of arts and science and I'd like to live on campus 1st year.   I was wandering which college, New or Woodsworth, is better overall in terms of:   - the residence dorms  - food/ meal plans  - distance from campus  - events - community   Any insight into pros/cons and experiences for each college would be amazing!
0.0 |  Summer 2023 Residence: New College or University College? I'm planning to take courses during the summer and will be working downtown. I have decided to apply for summer residence at New College and University College. I never got to leave on residence before and saw this to be a good opportunity to get that experience. For those of you who have lived on res at New College or University College, how was your experience living there and which one is better for the summer? Or should I just try to find a off campus rental?
0.0 |  New College or University College for Summer 2023 Residence ? I'm planning to take courses during the summer and  will be working downtown. I have decided to apply for summer residence at New College and University College. I never got to leave on residence before and saw this to be a good opportunity to get that experience.   &amp;#x200B;  For those of you who have lived on res at New College or University College, how was your experience living there and which one is better for the summer? Or should I just try to find a off campus rental?
0.0 |  [Repost] Locations of microwaves The original comment was deleted so I will repost it here.  &gt;	Near St. George:  	1.	Sidney Smith Cafeteria 	2.	Robarts Cafeteria 	3.	Innis Café (2 Sussex Avenue) 	4.	Rotman Cafeteria (The Exchange) 	5.	University College Commuter Student Centre 	6.	University College Junior Common Room  &gt;	Near Convocation Hall   	1.	Medical Sciences Cafeteria (near the Starbucks in MS) 	2.	The Pit (basement) in Sanford Fleming has multiple 	3.	The Computer Sciences Student Union office (BA 2250) 	4.	The Cube in Bahen might still have one?  &gt;	Other places on campus:  	1.	UTSU Student Commons near College and Spadina 	2.	OISE building near St. George and Bloor has a few 	3.	New College’s Student Lounge has one in Wilson Hall 	4.	Basement of Hart House 	5.	Commuter Lounge in Victoria College’s Goldring Student Centre (not the Goldring Gym)
0.0 |  Which UOFT college is best to raise my admission chances? Hi,  I'm applying to Rotmans and would like to know which of the 7 colleges is easiest to get into? I'm looking to increase my admission chances as much as possible.  The colleges are Innis, St. Micheals, University, Victoria, New College, Trinity &amp; Woodsworth.  thanks
0.0 |  Is parking offered for students living in residence? Hey all,  Im probably moving to UofT’s residence next year and will probably be living in chestnut or new college (haven’t decided yet)  I know that chestnut has parking for students, but what about new college?  Im probably going to be financing a car a few months before the start of my first year since I have an amazing paying part-time job that involves some driving.  Does anybody have more info on residence parking? Would appreciate any info! :)
0.0 |  I saw an angel at the new college dining hall Her beauty was beyond anything possible on this mortal coil. Her dark eyes contained the infinitudes of the cosmos and the ridge of her nose visible above her mask was perfect in structure. I felt an urge to pledge myself in service to her as a knight pledges himself to his Lord. Truly, the Laura to my Petrarch! 
0.0 |  NC Meal Plan for Starbucks Tumbler [removed]
0.025 |  Which college is best for a social science student? I'm a prospective first year and I have to list down my college preferences for the application... I'd be living in residence and choosing based on location (close to social science lectures), food options (I'm a vegetarian), community (good social scene), and facilities (prefer a spacious bedroom and a private/shared bathroom instead of a communal one). Right now my choices are vic, new college, university college, and trinity in no particular order.
0.0 |  anyone at new college wanna meet up? Hey i’m a first year at new college and haven’t met that many friends still, does anyone wanna hangout?
0.06 |  My life as a Homeless student at U of T. -- a guide.  INTRO: I am not poor or broke or nothing. I just refuse to tolerate this shitty capitalist Toronto housing market. I’ve been living and studying rent free for the last 3 months since the last minute lease I was trying to get fell through. When classes started I figured I’d try and figure out how to live in robarts while I found housing, but since then it has become a lifestyle that is pretty satisfying tbh, and allows me to save a lot of money.     Sleeping: I sleep at Robarts commons, on the armchairs on the fifth floor (If you’ve been there at 3AM you’ve probably seen me sleeping in the front area with all the armchairs and the wierd desk chair things). You can gather the pillows from the common sitting area for elevated sleep experince. I keep a blanket in my backpack at all times. It keeps me warm against the cold in literal weather sense and metaphorically against the cold UofTears culture.    Clothing and cleanliness: I have a locker at the AC, which didn’t cost me anything because I found 2 day lockers and just slapped a lock on it. I keep my clothes in there, as well as a bar of soap, my toothbrush and toothpaste, deoderant, and a towel. I shower there every morning after my workout (its bulking season my dudes).     I wash my clothes at student residences, I just slip in with my laundry bag behind some clueless first years and just act natural. Usually I try to sneak into UC or Innis, but not New College, as they require a fob for the laundry room. I don’t go to woodsworth because they have coin operated that you have to pay for, not worth my toonie.    Leisure: Like a lot of u of t students, I don’t have much of a social life. I have a couple of friends who I’ll study with sometimes, and occasionally I crash at their places (if we’ve been drinking or smthn). For fun, I practice piano in Hart House, feed the squirrels in the UC quad, and scroll through reddit.    Mental Health: Parts of this lifestyle is kinda depressing, and U of T is pretty stressful as is. Not gunna lie, I spend some time crying, and try to cope through watching anime. Schools meant to be stressful i guess, and I figure there’s only a year and a half left in my schooling, I can hold out till then. I try to cope with my depression by going on regular walks through Queens park and Scholar’s walk. It really helps.    Family: My parents don’t really know about this, and tbh, they don’t ask, I just told them that I rent a place off of Bloor for cheap. What they don’t know wont hurt them. I think my older brother suspects that something isn’t quite right: I had to be really cagey last time he passed through the city, told him my place was being deep cleaned for roaches. But I don’t think he’ll tell them, he’s pretty busy, and not a nosy dude in general.    Food: Because I’m spending money on rent, I can actually afford good healthy food. This helps me stay healthy, (probably healthier than you reading this). I snack on PB&amp;J and baby carrots since bread and peanut butter don’t need to be refrigerated (I buy a new bag of baby carrots almost every day). I know a first year at New who occasionally lets me use his meal plan. I also eat out regularly since I can now afford it since I don’t pay rent. 40$ hot pot every sunday? Hell ya — I could pretty much do it every day with my savings!   Conclusion: I recognize that this probably isn’t the life for everyone, but it’s worked really well for me thus far. I’m not at university to live out some type of “college experience”, I’m just here to get my degree and hopefully a good paying job when I graduate. I’m going to graduate debt free, and I’ll have enough savings stashed away to almost put a down payment on a house (I’m hoping prices crash before I graduate). I hope this guide helps anyone who like me, are just tryna get through university as fast as possible, and move on to better things, without struggling with this overpriced city’s rental market.
0.04 |  New College Mail pickup hours 1030-1200 / 1800-1900 daily is inhumane. I understand there’re limited resources to support more hours but pls at least extend it to at least 5 hours a day.
0.049 |  I losy my backpack in New college Its black backpack with IPad and some files in it. if anyone found it please dm me. Last time I notice it was on wetmore dinning hall. I have no clue did someone stole it or not. I know this is caused by my lack of concentrate but I need help. Thanks.
0.0 |  Using the music rooms at New College without being in New College Hello! Not currently a student but am hoping to be next year. I couldn’t find any definitive answer on if the pass for the music rooms at New College could be bought by any student? Or if the student has to be in New College themselves. Thanks!
0.077 |  found a necklace in 45 willcocks previous resident probs lost it, found it half-wedged into the heater lol.  dunno if it's like important or nah, doesn't look too expensive but i wouldn't know  https://preview.redd.it/nabtwl2if5b61.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=6a9664f4c3ce64e2217d1ab63e8bd5a511605cdb
0.05 |  [Humor] The hospitality of the Bahen 1st floor washroom I have been so bored with taking all my dumps in the dorm washroom at New college.  So I decided to take an adventure to another building on campus,  To compare the hospitality experience between UofT establishments,  Given the global situation, many buildings were locked,  However, much to my delight, the Bahen side door was unlocked,  So I proceeded to pay a short visit to the 1st floor washroom,  And what I discovered was a hospitality experience beyond my wildest dreams.  The paper that one relies upon to tidy themselves,  Was consistently thin, and of the same quality as the New college dorms.  UofT has exceeded my #Boundless expectations, and made me feel right at home.
0.0 |  uoft scholarships question for St.George, do they give our scholarships yearly if u get above a certain average, let’s say like a 4.0 GPA? Or does it depend on what college ur apart of like new college, trinity, victoria, etc?
0.0 |  Need help choosing between New College and University College [deleted]
0.0 |  New College for Rotman Commerce Hey,   &amp;#x200B;  I recently got accepted to Rotman commerce for batch of 2024 with membership for New College. I wanted to ask how it is, in terms of the dorms itself and social life
0.0 |  Second cup at new college? Has anyone else seen the second cup sign inside 45 willcocks? Are they planning to open up there?
0.071 |  MAT244 in the summer. Hello,  So I just need to complete the 2nd 200-level math course requirement for Math Minor, and a year ago I took MAT224 which I had to drop since the midterm average was 49%, and well I was lower than that. I have previously taken MAT137, MAT223, CSC165 and most physics courses, and currently taking MAT235.  I need MAT244 for 3rd year QM Physics, but last semester I tried it with Irvii, and boy oh boy, it was brutal in the most brutal sense so I dropped it. Now I am looking at summer.  People who have taken MAT244 in the summer, please tell me about your experiences. From the looks of it last summer Prof Tyler Wilson taught MAT244, so if someone could pass on his syllabus, that would be ideal as well.  Thanks. And also I can change and get MAT244 waived as a pre-req for QM, but I still need to choose between MAT224 and MAT246 over the coming summer for my minor to finish. So thoughts on those two please as well! Thank you!
0.0 |  hmb202, Ron Wilson jr he says a lot of stuff that deviates from the slide material. does he actually test what he verbally communicates that is not on the slides?
0.105 |  lost glove :c i lost one of my gloves earlier in the day, the other is in the picture. i think it should be at new college around wetmore hall, but it could be anywhere from wetmore to con hall. if anyone sees it, please let me know!  https://preview.redd.it/0eqjrak9xzb41.jpg?width=2620&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=bb94c0f30e267eee909ce752cdaa7da21d6d6047
0.0 |  St. George Campus, looking for help on which college to rank 1st 2nd and 3rd for a computer science undergrad degree Innis College, St Micheal's College, University College, Victoria College, New College, Woodsworth College.  :)
0.0 |  Looking for a New College student named Isla Hello,  Is anyone who is a member of this community familiar with a New College student whose first name is Isla? She is in first year and lives on New College residence.
0.0 |  Which college do I apply to American student applying for life sciences  I’ve heard new College was good for life sciences and close to the classes  I’ve also heard that Trinity was prestigious   University college is apparently close to a lot of classes, and Vic has nice people  I won’t lie: prestige sounds nice, but I want a social life and I don’t want to walk through 20 minutes of snow across campus.   Which should I apply to?
0.063 |  How is wetmore hall residence? Yo,   So I just got residence at wetmore hall. The only thing I'm worried about is heating, cleaningness and wifi. Anyone let me know of their experience at wetmore? I got a single btw
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.0 |  New College Academic Advisors Hi everyone. I was wondering if anyone had recommendations for the academic advisors at new college (I had an appointment with Paul Russell beginning of the year and found him pretty unhelpful) Thanks.
0.0 |  New College registrar [deleted]
0.055 |  Athletes and Frats, kindly shut up Has anyone noticed the athletes and frats this year are especially loud? It's final exam period and no matter where I go, I have to blast music in my headphones becuase you guys are always screaming like banshees.   Don't you guys have to study? Or are your Communications majors just not demanding?  Edit: In case unclear, I’m taking about spaces in which many many people are studying. I.e. libraries, bahen, new college, etc. If you don’t know what I’m talking about, you probably haven’t been studying on campus very much.
0.0 |  graduation pictures for those of us graduating this spring 2020 when are you supposed to take your pictures? specifically new college pls
0.03 |  Is New College food cooked on campus fresh or like microwaved frozen food cooked elsewhere Just curious because from what I can see, the food seems to be on metal trays put inside an oven to keep warm or over like something else to keep warm with foil over it.     Also, why do weekend food (for brunch) taste worst than weekday lunches, but weekend dinners are just like weekday dinners so i dont think its a chef issue
0.0 |  Which college should I apply to if I want an apartment style res? Hi, I'm a grade 12 student applying into Life Science at St. George Campus and wanted opinions on which apartment-style college to apply to? I'm not too much of a party student and I would like for res to be close to where classes would be. I was considering vic but read that it's far from where classes are at.   Side note, is St. Michael College super religious?  And thoughts on NC vs. UC?
0.025 |  Residences w/ rooms to rent I know in the summer at new college you can rent the rooms for a few nights but does anyone know if any of the residences do that during the school year? My parents need to stay in toronto for a night and don't want to get a hotel.
0.115 |  Is it possible to get a place on residence second yr without having lived on residence for first yr? (Specifically new college) Sorry I’m asking stupid ass questions 24/7. I can’t get over how psychotic the woman I live with is and seriously want to move so badly ... and because of this I’m really craving the dorm experience :( last year I applied for the residence deadline too late and didn’t get a spot. I didn’t think it would be a big deal so I got off campus housing but the woman I live with is driving me batshit insane.   I pay almost $1000 per month and she is so adamant on me showering max 3 times a week and cooking twice a week. I wish I could just live with someone my age who wouldn’t be nagging me all day. So I applied for residence again as well as applied to chestnut too. I don’t think I will get a spot by second semester tbh though. Since I know like 70% of the residence is reserved for first years is it possible for a second year who hasn’t lived on res first year to get a spot next yr ? :(((( I am legit depressed living with this woman she is so crazy. I would love to live with someone my age
0.119 |  Did I screw up applying to New College as my first choice? Scholarships? [deleted]
0.01 |  Is it possible to move on campus in the middle of the school year (specifically new college) PLEASE HELP!!!! Long story short i do offcampus housing but the lady who owns the place is a fucking nutjob (read my post history if u wanna know). I wanna know is it possible for me to apply and move on campus possibly by second sem assuming there are vacancies, and how i would go ab this . I am a first yr at new college if that helps... The reason im not on res is cuz i didnt reach the deadline last year lmfao
0.054 |  Comparison between Innis, Woodsworth and New College? I'm still in grade 12 but my application says I need to rank the colleges I want to attend? I'm planning to go into something STEM or comp.sci. related at UofT so I was just wondering which college is the most suitable for potential STEM students regarding the cultural atmosphere. I'm also not a big fan of super competitive environments, and I'm trying to avoid that. I was also wondering about the differences between the dorms and nearby facilities and places?
0.132 |  Is it just me or is New College lunch/brunch on weekends bad tasting and why? Their usual food is pretty good but I noticed the weekend brunch is always weird like overcooked, dry, no taste etc. Why? Do they have a different weekend brunch chef?
0.0 |  When is Turkey Dinner at New College (if any) this weekend? The online menu hasnt been updated.
0.0 |  New College VS Innis VS University College Hi! I'm an international student applying to UofT next year for Life Sciences, and I will be living on campus. I was going through the colleges to rank, and so far, I'm liking Innis, New College, and University College the most, though I'm still looking at the others. I've done my research on the location of these places, the meal plans, and so on, but I kinda want to know about the vibe at each college? Like what is the community like, how tight knit is it, what is the social life like, is it easy to make friends, what are the LLCs, etc. any help on any of the colleges would be appreciated!!  Thank you!!
0.0 |  where is new college 3 cent printing? went on new website and they only had information on 15 cent page printing but i heard about 3 cent printing. is that still available? if so where is it and what do i need to do to access  am new college student
0.0 |  If you or someone you know left a pair of blue earphones and a Staedtler eraser in New College, room 523 I just left it with the front counter people
0.0 |  From the Pepsi nozzle at new college, post 2/3 
0.0 |  Wiped this from the inside of the 7-Up nozzle at the caf at new college. 
0.0 |  Very environmental friendly uoft (new college dining hall) [deleted]
0.083 |  LOST MY KEYS Sorry to bother everyone. But I potentially lost my car keys on campus yesterday and am wondering if anyone has seen them. It could have been at Earth and sci building, Sidney smith, new college or bahen. Most likely SS or earth sci. The keys are attached to a bright yellow rotman commerce lanyard. Let me know if you have found or if there are any actions I could take to increase my chances of finding them. Thanks.
0.026 |  Do you have to use HMB302 textbooks on your own? Ron Wilson is teaching it again this year, and on the textbook page, he has like 3 highly recommended, 2 recommended and 2 other textbooks for histology. I'm assuming this means he'll give a concept in class and we have to go into our chosen textbook, look up the topic and learn what's important on our own, since giving out the reading pages for **7** textbooks seems unlikely. Is this the case? Do I even have to worry about how to use the textbooks or it will be come pretty evident in class?
0.0 |  Room assignment for New College - When??? Hey,  The move-in day is coming really soon, but I still don't know my exact room. It says on the website which building and floor I am in, but it doesn't say the exact room. Do they not tell us until move-in day for New College? Am I perhaps misreading something? Thanks in advance.
0.0 |  Laundry at New college ? Hi - Where do we do laundry at new college (45 wilcocks)? Should I have quarters on hand all the time? And is there a dry cleaner nearby? Thank you
0.0 |  Trying to buy sheets for my dorm in wetmore hall. does anyone know what size the beds are in a double? ik twin but like are they extra long? 
0.0 |  is the new college really new? and is university college a university or a college?
0.019 |  New College Hey so I’m a domestic student and I heard that new college is just mostly international students. I’m worried that during orientation and the school year I won’t be able to make a lot of friends bc of this. While I have no problem with making intl friends, they seem to be in their own groups and I’d also like some domestic friends as well. Anyone who’s in new college how was it like for you? Also for orientation do u have to stick with ur college or can u also join some events at other colleges as well?
0.0 |  Target HIGH SCHOOLS for Investment banking? Hey guys. I'm a current 7th grader at a public, suburban middle school in Nc (north Carolina), who has always been interested in the banking field ever since we took a field trip there in 5th grade. I'm wondering what target high schools exist that have many grads go to target colleges and end up in IBanking.   I have family in upstate New York, so if there's target high schools up there closer to "the street" I could probably live with them. I just want to have as many doors open as possible after high school to get into a college that could get me to the street.   So, who knows a bit about target high schools that could help me out?
0.027 |  Question: Taking Eight Courses in the Fall. Hello! I was wondering if anyone has experience with taking 8 courses in one semester before. Having done 7 two times and finding it reasonable, I would like to take 8 in the Fall. However, my request got quickly dismissed by one of my college's (New College) academic advisers, as it simply went “against their course overload policy.” Any ideas of how I might still be able to do so? If it helps, I am an upper-year math, physics, and CS student.
0.0 |  OWeek hi! i am part of new college but i will be living at uc. which orientation should i join?
0.0 |  How long should my new college LLC application form be? whats the ballpark I should be aiming for? essay or paragraph?
0.061 |  Is this too far of a distance between lectures? One of my lectures is at Isabel Bader Theatre, and the very next one is at Wilson Hall, no break. This would happen 3 times a week, and both are 1 hour lectures. Google maps says it's about a 1.3km walk. Also, the courses are ECO101and MAT223 respectively, if it matters. Is this too far of a walking distance? Is it that bad to potentially be 5-10 minutes late that often? Theres another ECO101 class with 57 on the waitlist and a class size of 468 that would fix this, but that seems too risky.
0.035 |  Residence - Help Okay so I am freaking out about my living situation, i am an international internal transfer student and im trying to find an apartment but long story short, that path isnt working out. if i waitlist for chestnut, is there any chance of getting a place? (NC has already said no)
0.047 |  Did anyone get their convocation photo sent to UofT email yet? New College specifically.  After you go on stage and get to shake hands with some old white dudes, you go into the hallway and get a picture. Did anyone get this yet?
0.0 |  Can I get a residence place in any other college? I am from Vic but applied to NC for residence. Is there a chance I’d get a place?
0.0 |  Looking for an enjoyable but lighter workload for elective first year Hi! Has anyone taken any of these New College courses? I'm looking to round out my courses in first year - most are pre-req's for Psych, Cog Sci, Cinema and I'm thinking of taking this course:    # NEW103H1: Digital Technology and Society  Has anyone taken it and any feedback for me on rigor and volume?   Thank you!
0.08 |  Need someone to pay $25 to registrar for me- can transfer you money Hey guys, students who’ve been away for more than a year are required to pay a  re-registration fee of $25 to their college. Thing is I’m an international and not in toronto. Most of my friends are international as well and those I’ve asked are back in their home countries for the summer.  I need someone to make this payment to New College on my behalf.  I will transfer you $25 if you give me your bank details. Or I can pay you the money when I’m back in September. Can also give you extra $10 for the trouble, im kind of stuck. Idk why they don’t have an online option
0.0 |  Residence Offer When I apply for residence on Star Portal, my application has several parts (14 for New College). All of the parts are complete and filled in with a solid blue shade except for #2, Personal Information. Is this normal? Is my application complete? How would I check?
0.0 |  Residence waitlist I was placed on the waitlist as i submitted my application about a week late to New College. What are the odds of me getting a room? There are 120 students with residence guarantee that are still left. Any idea? Anyone who got residence from waitlist?
0.025 |  Information for New College graduates? Hey all, I was wondering where I would get more information for the 2;30 graduation ceremony for New college this Thursday.   I swear other than receiving the tickets for family on Acorn I haven’t received any email that explains when the graduating students should be there and what to do. It’s possible I missed it of course.   Do we go earlier? I’ve paid for my gown  and stuff already but where do we get it?   If you guys have any info or advice, thank you in advance! I know it’s quite close to the date to be asking this stuff.
0.0 |  Fridge in Res I want to bring my own mini fridge to res but in the new college website the size limit is 5 cubic feet. Is that the inside or the outside? My fridge is 3.2 cubic feet on the inside but about 6 cubic feet overall.
0.033 |  Convocation Tickets Hey guys i am in need of an extra convocation ticket for New College June 13th at 10am! If any of you have an extra ticket please message me, willing to pay $$$ for it! Thank you
0.0 |  Do you need anything besides a tcard to use the music practice rooms at Wilson Hall? 
0.072 |  residence information? I haven't heard if I made the cut for residence. I'm in New College. Is it June 10th that I should hear? Thank you!
0.0 |  Academic Advisers NEW College [deleted]
0.071 |  ELI5: How do meal plans work and what are TBucks and TCards and how can they be used? I will probably be at Innis res next year (currently in highschool) and they don't have a meal plan but I heard somewhere that you can buy a meal plan from New or Victoria college. I also heard some things about TBucks but I don't understand how/why they work. If you buy a meal plan from new college for example, do you get a Tcard with money on it and that's how you pay for your meals every day? Or is a meal plan separate from TBucks.  Sorry for the confusing wording. I'm very confused and would appreciate any help thaaanks
0.04 |  Residence fees. So when do we need to pay residence fees? On the Dates and Deadlines page it says that we should pay them at June 3, but I have not received my offer of residence yet. When will these arrive? My family is taking loans and wants to know how much they need to take out. Also, just how much does residence cost for a single room at 45 Willcocks residence cost?
0.0 |  Residence at UofT st george Can we pick our roommates if we are going to New college residence?
0.0 |  Digital humanities minor? Hi! I'm an incoming first year at New College, Humanities. I'm interested in Psych but really curious about Digital Humanities as a minor. Can anyone tell me about this minor and what the courses were like? Large amount of reading? Ton of work? Or enjoying and reasonable? I'm thinking of Psych (major or minor), Cog science (major or minor) and digital humanities (minor). Also, does digital humanities help in the job market? Any info would be so helpful! Thank you!
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.138 |  How is the new college? I missed the open house... anyone know anything about the new college?
0.0 |  Switching residence for incoming undergrad Is it possible to change residence? I got offered residence at New College but I would like to change to a more modern residence.
0.0 |  I’d like to transfer from UC to New College. How should I convince the registrar to let me transfer? And if I do transfer, would I be eligible for New College’s in course awards?
0.039 |  Uoft Vs. Ryerson - Where should I go? So I'm having a hard time deciding on where I should go and would like to hear some advice. Here's my options and some of the questions, concerns, and personal pros and cons I have about them:   **UTSG Math and Phys. Sciences**  \- 1 hour commute  \- Accepted to New College (will it even matter since I'm not living on res?)  \- How is it different from SC?  **UTSC Co-op CS**  \- 25 min commute  \- Social Life/Parties/Events/Clubs (is it really as dead as they say? or is it subjective?)  \- How is it different from SG?  **Ryerson CS**  \- 50 min commute  \- Favourite campus  \- Is it really that much easier than the other two?  \- Any advantages Ryerson has over UofT?  **General Questions/Concerns**  \- PEY Vs. UTSC Co-op Vs. Ryerson Co-op (which is better?)  \- How hard is it to make POSt at both UTSG and UTSC (cutoffs, percentages, competitiveness, etc.)?   \- Will employers really care where I went to out of these 3? Or does work experience and side projects matter more?  \- \^Does it differ in Canada and the US?  \- How does choosing the software engineering stream affect the programs?  \- Profs?  My average right now in HS is around 89-90. I took programming courses all throughout HS so I won't be completely new to the content. I don't have the best study habits (I get distracted often) and I'm not as hard-working/devoted as top students, but I believe I can change. I think I'd be able to keep up with a really demanding program/course load, but I don't want to sacrifice my mental health. In the future, I'd like to work as a software engineer at a big tech company like Google, Microsoft, Tesla, etc.  Responses to any of my questions, personal experiences, and other advice would be much appreciated, thanks.
0.0 |  New college What is new college like? The cons and pros?
0.0 |  To current or former New College Residents [removed]
0.038 |  New College Residence: Wetmore, Wilson or 45 Wilcocks? I am currently filling out my Living Learning Preferences for residence in New College starting Fall 2019, but I have no idea how the buildings are different from one another. Does anyone have any advice or personal experience which you could share, along with what building you think is the best?  Thanks !
0.0 |  New College returning student residence application question I'm currently a first year New College student who has been accepted into residence for second year. I don't get what the "Room Preferences" section of the application is asking for. Anyone filling out the application, what sort of preferences do they mean?
0.081 |  New College Hi I got admitted into U of T but it says I'm at new college? I'm I at a different campus location? I'm not from Ontario so I'm not sure how this whole thing works.
0.029 |  New college building doors? Hey guys I'm thinking about staying at new college library till pretty late tonight, but I'm so hungry atm Im thinking about grabbing some food and then coming back. Does anyone know if the outside doors(the one that lead to the library entrance) is opened? Last time I left around 1am and the scanner thing by the door was shinning red so I'm not sure if I can still get in(i think normally its green). Thanks for the help!!Good luck on the studying everyone!
0.0 |  English Department Hey! I just got into UofT for Arts and Sciences and was wondering what people thought about its English program? I am in the New College if that helps at all.
0.14 |  Will I Succeed at UofT CS? Hi guys!   I’m currently a senior from a NB high school. I just got admitted to UofT CS at New College  this week.  I was intending on going to McGill for CS but I some how ended up receiving a President’s Scholars of Excellence scholarship whatever that means(?).  So now I’m 50/50 between Toronto and McGill. The only thing stopping me from Toronto is the ridiculously infamous and rigorous program.   Right now in HS, I have a 100% average GPA but I’m also from NB which really worries me...  Those of you who are in CS, is it really that hard? And will I most likely fail and have to switch majors the first year?  I’m not trying to flex about my marks, I’m genuinely worried but also curious on how competitive it’ll be. 
0.0 |  Non-academic differences between UT colleges I am curious about the 7 colleges at UofT St. George (although already admitted to New College and Science-oriented student). What are their differences socially, in terms of what kinds of people, what goes on there? Can i hang out at different colleges or is that technically not permitted? I've heard Vic is artsier and SMC is more Catholic. Does UofT have a lot of parties and what are some cool events to take part in?  
0.065 |  Changing colleges Hello, I have recently been accepted into the arts and science at U of T at St. Mikes. I was wondering how id go about changing colleges, I am uncomfortable with being at St. Mikes for personal reasons. I've seen a few posts about talking to registars but which college should i contact and which is most likely to let me in.  Edit:  emailed admissions telling them about the problem and they moved  me to New College. Thank you all for the advice!!
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.0 |  Trying to rank residences Trinity vs University college vs new college. Can you guys give me the pros and cons of each? Also what are the chances I live in a single first year? Can you guys please post pictures of the interior of your rooms. 
0.069 |  New College vs Chestnut As a potential engineering science student, I need some help picking a residence. Chestnut is really far away, but all of the engineers stay there (but I don't know if thats a benefit or not). Also, Chestnut only gives first years double rooms which could be bad depending on who I am paired with. New College is closer, and seems like a better residence when compared to the other colleges...but it will be harder to get in to it. Also, New College has learning communities which could be helpful to make up for the lack of engineers that stay there?? There may even be a better option I haven't considered. Any help is much appreciated!  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks :)
0.0 |  New College Police?? Police and security outside of New, anyone know what’s up?
0.035 |  Residence choice for first year engineering student I am going to engineering(engsci) this fall ,   I am thinking to rank residence. My first choice would be Innis, New college is also OK but I don't quit want a meal plan. I heard Innis is competitive for engineering student, not sure if a 96 is good enough? And if New college residence  would be easier to get in than Innis? I want to rank one of these two as my first choice, and want to know which one would be easier to get an offer.
0.013 |  [You got a friend request] Hi all, This is Sean. I am a high school student here at downtown Toronto, I am not here to ask for admission helps. I am actually here to make friends. I heard that the New College Dining Hall is super great, I really hope I can know someone in U of T St. George and dine together.  I really want to make some university friends. If you think making friends in university is hard, make a high school friend ; )   
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.0 |  Applying to residence As the deadline approaches to apply for residence, I had a few questions about student housing. So I was accepted about a month ago to EngSci and was recently invited to the top applicants dinner. From what I’ve heard, higher priority applicants generally get preference for their residence choice. Is this true? I’m wondering about this because I’m a prospective varsity athlete, and my top choices (new college and university college) are very conveniently located relative to the athletics centre and the eng buildings. However, I know that a huge chunk of engineering students are put in the chestnut residence. Chestnut for me is currently listed as being my fourth choice out of eight. Another question I have is that if I accept my offer to engsci now, will I have a better chance of being sorted into my first choice residence (new college) because they know I’m coming? Mans is just tryna get a single room close to eng and AC
0.0 |  When do I get Starportal access for New College Question like above.   I've recently got accepted for ArtSci (Got in Feb 28), went in, accepted my offer, confirmed interest in res and ranked my residences like a day after.   &amp;#x200B;  Apparently you need to fill out a starportal application to actually get the room? I haven't gotten any emails or instructions on how/when to do this even though it's been a month. Please help. I'm international so I need to stay in res. I'm with New College if that's important. 
0.0 |  Played myself. Applied to Trinity half because I want to be close to IR classes and half for the architecture.   Drumroll please... got into New College.  Obviously it's not a big deal and I'm greatfull to be accepted to the University in general, but I kind of wish I had just applied for Victoria or ranked University College as my top. Now I am neither in the IR hub or in a cool old looking building.
0.097 |  When Do Residence Offers Come Out? (New College) Hi everyone,   &amp;#x200B;  So I just accepted my offer to UofT New College (I was accepted around end of Feb) and I ranked my residences and stuff.   So New College said they would be sending me an email about what to do next but I haven't gotten anything even though it's been almost a month (they said it would take three weeks). I only got an email about visits and stuff. Now I'm freaking out a little bit and I'm scared I missed deadlines for residence.   &amp;#x200B;  I guess my question is: When do residence offers/the email New said they would be sending me come out?   I'm shy about emailing them, but if I have to are they nice?   &amp;#x200B;  Thank you!!! 
0.0 |  Engineering student needing advice on residences Hello all, first time on this sub. I’m applying to U of T (St. George campus) and I need some advice for choosing my residence by March 31st. I live in the US (I’m a Canadian citizen and I applied 105D so I get that nice tuition rate), and haven’t been able to tour the residences at U of T, so I need a little help if you wouldn’t mind, please.  My first-choice program is Engineering Science, second Mechanical Engineering, and third Chemical Engineering. I’d like to have fitness options in my residence as well.  My options are Chestnut Residence, Innis Residence (I’m leaning towards this one), New College Residence, St. Michael’s College, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, and Victoria University Residence.  What do you guys think is the best residence option for a student like me?  Thank you!
0.248 |  New College: Has the dining hall food made you sick recently? 
0.0 |  Wilson hall or chestnut residence? [deleted]
0.0 |  Hey guys when I login to my res there’s new college and chestnut residence that I need to rank however when I click on the photos it says single room. Does that mean I will be able to obtain a single room? [deleted]
0.0 |  I’m doing my research on new college residence, and I’m looking at nearby restaurants, any recommendations? Anyone ever tried food from harbord house or the burgernator? [deleted]
0.102 |  As student politics season approaches, here's a friendly reminder to vote out incumbent student politicians If  they were an executive this year, and they give excuses and ask you to reelect them, DONT!!!!!  It's because the same clique of people are running the show year after year that makes student politics ineffective yet toxic and full of drama. They already have their networks and shills in place so they win elections again, and again.  DON'T REELECT ANY UTSU EXECS \[ do i even need to explain this\]  DONT REELECT ANY CSSU EXECS \[like wtf was all that shit this year\]  DONT REELECT ANY APUS EXECS \[ the same ppl have been winning since 1995? wtf\]  DONT REELECT ANY CASA EXECS \[ shitty pizza\]  DONT REELECT ANY MU EXECS \[jk no one cares about math\]  DONT REELECT ANY UC EXECS \[ it's a clique if there was ever one\]  DONT REELECT ANY WCSA EXECS \[admin shills\]  DONT REELECT ANY NEW COLLEGE EXECS \[ their events this year have been SHITE\]  DONT REELECT ANY TRIN EXECS \[just cause\]  DONT REELECT ANY ASSU EXECS \[i dont think they even have elections actually wtf\]  &amp;#x200B;  the power is in our hands to break the cycle of the powerhungry. DONT FALL FOR THE POLITICAL CLOUT. VOTE THEM OUT.  tell me what more SUs to add to the list, I'll do it too.
0.0 |  Can I have my meal plan at new college but res somewhere else? 
0.0 |  Chestnut residence or new college? Why? 
0.0 |  Anything to know before moving into New College? Tips? Good places near by? Things to bring?  Thanks!!
0.0 |  When to choose style dorm UTSG UC I recently got into UTSG arts&amp;science for life sciences, university college. I was wondering when were supposed to choose which house and what style dorm we want, if we even get to choose (ex. i prefer the sir daniel wilson i think it’s called)   TIA
0.0 |  Which college has more CS students. University College or New College? [deleted]
0.0 |  University College Vs New College Which residence is better. And which is the better overall college. 
0.0 |  University College Res Vs New College Res [deleted]
0.0 |  New College Residence and Meal Plans Hi I have a question. I was just admitted to UTSG for undergrad (life science) and I’m with New College. Which of the residences is the best (Wetmore, 45 Willcocks, Wilson) and which meal plan would be best (plan 330, plan 15, Carte Blanche)? 
0.31 |  New College Bathrooms Yet To Disappoint [deleted]
0.085 |  Free Food Free overnight oats and wraps at New College Wilson Lounge until 3pm courtesy of Commuter Dons! Lots of fresh food that was meant for an event that got cancelled and they don’t want to waste it. Dairy and dairy-free options available :)
0.045 |  Using a locker at New College I need to use a locker for a day and I'm a new college student, will they cut the lock or notice if I use one of the lockers for a day and get my stuff by the next morning?
0.013 |  Switching into another college Hi, does anyone know how I can switch into another college? Is there a site where I apply or do I have to email someone to apply? Do they look at your GPA?   I am a first-year humanities student currently in St. Mike's. I want to switch to New College because they have music practice rooms that are free for New College students, while St. Mike's does not offer this kind of resource. (along with other reasons including the fact that St. Mike's registrar sucksss)   Is New hard to transfer into? Thanks in advance!
0.195 |  Are rude and unhelpful academic ad visors a New College thing or do they have them at all the colleges? What a complete waste of time
0.078 |  New College piano rooms Anyone have any info on how to purchase access to the New College uprights? How are they and are they open most of the time? Tired of HH getting booked all the time lol
0.027 |  University vs New College for Compsci Student? Hi! I'm currently applying to UTSG and am ranking the colleges on OUAC. I've done some research myself and found that UC and NC are closest to the Bahen Centre so they're good for compsci students and I'm trying to choose between the two for my rankings so I had a few questions. What are the pros and cons of each? What's the student atmosphere and living space like? Is one better than the other? Also, if I get in and I'm not happy with my college is it possible to switch?  Thanks!
0.0 |  new college grant [deleted]
0.017 |  Choosing a College So needless to say, I'm in high school and planning to apply to UofT and I have to choose a college.  I plan on doing my undergrad in Chemistry and I'm debating between Trinity, Victoria, University, and New College. I won't be doing residence so my choice won't affect me as much but having a good student life would be nice.   Which of these would be most convenient as a science student as in how much walking would I have to do to get to classes?   And which of these offer the best scholarships for academic excellence? (I tried looking into this but there was so much to look at, so if anybody who knows could give me a tl;dr that'd be great)     Which one would you guys recommend overall?  &amp;#x200B;  From what I've already heard:  \- Trinity is the most prestigious  \- One guy said it'd show up on your degree that you graduated from Trinity  \- Some people have called Trinity a bit pretentious and that all the other colleges collectively jokingly hate on it lol  \- High table dinner where you have to dress up?     \- Victoria has great scholarships?  \- It's a bit far from classes depending on which ones you take  &amp;#x200B;  \- New College is pretty fucking amazing all around (Good library, support staff, convenient location, student body)  &amp;#x200B;  \- University College is pretty nice too, better than the remaining 3 at least imo
0.13 |  REMINDER: /r/uoft Meetup is TODAY EDIT: THE EVENT IS POSTPONED. It conflicts with [this](https://www.facebook.com/events/530638254071906/) and id rather people go to that. We can meet next week. Apologies for any inconvenience.   ~~Heeeeeeey everybody!~~  &amp;#x200B;  ~~The meetup will be starting today at 6PM in the Wilson Lounge (40 Willcocks street).~~  &amp;#x200B;  ~~Here’s the fb event: [https://www.facebook.com/events/2140354682663059/](https://www.facebook.com/events/2140354682663059/)~~  &amp;#x200B;  ~~See you there!~~
0.024 |  /r/UofT Meetup 2.0! Heyo!     r/uoft meetup 2.0 is happening on Friday Nov 2nd at 6pm!  &amp;#x200B;  If there's enough interest we could go bowling after (like 830???) or do whatever.     I think Wilson lounge is a good space but idk if it's booked. If you know it's booked or you know a better place, comment below!     &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  [https://www.facebook.com/events/2140354682663059/](https://www.facebook.com/events/2140354682663059/)
0.149 |  PSA about grub in the shower Guys please flush when you take a shit in the shower. Lately I have been noticing shit in the showers and it has been clogging the drain. Recently this happened on one of the Wetmore floors and it was very disappointing. Please clean up after your dookies. Thanks! :)
0.0 |  Innis vs Woodsworth vs New College [removed]
0.134 |  I am freezing to death in new college Does anybody know when the heat in new college is going to be turned on. It is so cold its hard to get up in the morning. I had to put bowls of hot chili in my pillow to survive.
0.058 |  Does anyone bother including their college on their resume? Just curious if anyone does something like New College, Toronto or Victoria College, University of Toronto.   It's something I commonly see on wikipedia articles of our famous alumni.
0.0 |  What's happening at New College rn? There were firetrucks, police cars, and a lot of people outside.... 
0.017 |  Which Dragon Boat Team Should I Join? I talked to people from UC’s team last night and know that if I joined them, I’d become friends quickly with at least two of their members. I’m in New College and because of some (earned) loyalty to my college, I don’t want to ignore them.   The New College team seems really intense and I need to always put UofTears first.   I grew up playing soccer and running cross-country. I worked out a lot with weights this summer and figured I’d eventually get into powerlifting, but that’s such a solitary sport and I miss being on a team. I wouldn’t say I’m at my peak (always room for progress!) but now is a good time for me to join a sport because I know I’m fit right now.   - I’m already going to the gym 4x a week minimum (20-30 min cardio, 1 hr of strength, upper/lower splits.), so shifting my schedule to match dragon boat training should work. - I got really into long distance running last summer. Cardio is my comfort zone but I’m familiar with strength now (plenty to learn, but I think I have a solid foundation).   I guess I’m asking what the teams are like? The commitment and the social aspect?  I can swim. I grew up in Hawai’i. The irony is not lost on me that I’ve only been out paddling a few times despite living about fifteen minutes or less (on foot) from popular paddling bays and water. But, I wasn’t interested then and I am now.
0.074 |  air conditioning in wetmore hall am i just stupid or can we really not control the ac in our rooms? i’m fucking dying of heat and at least this page says they’re heating controls: [http://www.newcollege.utoronto.ca/current-students/residence-at-new-college/new-and-future-residents/residence-at-new-college/our-buildings-floors-and-rooms/rooms-at-new-college/](http://www.newcollege.utoronto.ca/current-students/residence-at-new-college/new-and-future-residents/residence-at-new-college/our-buildings-floors-and-rooms/rooms-at-new-college/)  &amp;#x200B;  what about wilcocks? i read somewhere people can control the ac there.
0.06 |  From UBC Biochem, thinking of transferring here. Hey  I'm a 2nd year biochemistry student doing a minor in Spanish and in the B+MM program at Sauder. I'm heavily debating transferring to UofT - I was accepted when I applied from high school into sciences originally for the St. George campus but then my parents made me go to UBC even after I tried to hide my UBC acceptance letter and planned things out with my friends. (I hid the first one, but they recieved the 2nd one that came in later). Long story short I have friends at UofT and my family situation is only stressing me out and causing me harm. Moving to Toronto sounds peachy right now to go NC.   What do you guys think? I'm trying to research and call U of T soon like this week or next, but I'm hoping most of my courses done can transfer over. Does U of T have like programs and degrees similar to mine?  Thanks ! 
0.192 |  Shout outs to the New College registrar lady with the glasses for being such a bitch [removed]
0.479 |  Spotted two Asians taking a piss on walls of new college WTF Why and wtf 
0.0 |  res orientation or college orientation? in new college but living in vic res - which do i attend? is res orientation separate?
0.067 |  New College Frosh Is it worth $130? Or am I better off saving my money since I'm going to meet lots of new people anyways. Btw I'm not the type of person to scream and etc.
0.033 |  Any New College res returners got their room number? Hiii. 3rd year returner here. Since I paid my $600 depo, havent got any mail from the res. So I called em last week and told me I will get my room number early this week.   So, any New residents got any mail from them?   Am I alone ?
0.018 |  Transit Planning Study We are student researchers in Humber College’s Research Analyst Post\-graduate Program. As part of our certificate requirement, we are completing a research project looking at public transit development in the Greater Toronto Area.  The goal of our research project is to better understand the experiences of commuters in the Greater Toronto Area. As well, we are interested in the experience of commuters in two key zones (map provided in survey). Zone A bound by Bloor Street/Danforth Avenue, Pape Avenue, Queen Street East and Yonge Street; and Zone B bound by Rutherford Road, Dufferin Street, Wilson Avenue and Highway 400.  Our survey includes 15 questions and will take approximately 5 minutes to complete. The questions concern frequency and type of public transit use, transit satisfaction, development satisfaction and simple demographic questions. Participation is voluntary and you may withdraw at any time.  Our research is part of a Humber College Research Ethics Board approved course – RAPP 5001 Surveying Society. Our course coordinators Mary Takacs has given approval of our project to being low to no risk to participants. Data will remain confidential and stored on an encrypted USB key kept with a designated team member. Data will be held with Humber College for one (1) year before being destroyed. Research will be disseminated and presented at a research forum happening in August 2018.  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact bbhresearchgroup@gmail.com or the course coordinator Mary Takacs mary.takacs@humber.ca. Thank you for your participation!  **Please click the following link to complete the survey:**  [GTA Transit Planning Survey](https://humber20182.qfimr.com/transitplanning)  BBH Research Group  bbhresearchgroup@gmail.com  Tim Bengert  Alex Boncheff  Andrew Harrison
0.022 |  orientation For all the art and sci kids, I'm wondering if it's really worth going to orientation week, like if its just an awkward time with kids that you don't know. Another reason i'm kind of against going is because of the price ($120)  PS. Im going to be entering New College  Any insight or past experience you guys can include would be super helpful!
0.193 |  Why don't you guys use descriptions :( Why don't so many of New College's residence applicants give a description of themselves, your screen names tell me nothing :/ Why is roommate selection such a complicated process?  Seriously though, if you're also a damned confused freshman looking for roommate and less of a maze, DM (cries)
0.062 |  residence waiting list...what are my chances? so i'm going into first year in the fall and i missed the residence guarantee date by a couple weeks. i've applied for every waiting list for every college since (i'm in new college)  what are my chances of getting rez? i'll be calling and emailing like hell over the next month. it's really important i get in as i don't live anywhere close to toronto and my only other option $$$-wise is a homestay at a family friend's.  anyone in the same boat as me? all comments appreciated
0.0 |  New College Graduation Ticket Hi,  I know it's a longshot, but if anyone has an extra ticket to New Colleges Graduation, June 20th, please let me know. I'll buy it off you. I really appreciate it. Thanks.
0.062 |  'No Musical Instrument' Rule in residence? I think this was stated in the New College list of major/minor offences. It said something along the lines of needing to book a music room or something... So I can't keep my guitar in my room?
0.0 |  If a course lecture has more than one professor listed, what does that mean? For example, the Foundations of Physics course has three professors listed: Harlow, Wilson, and Sipe.   Is the class split? Or all three teach throughout the term?
0.021 |  Is it possible to change residence this late? Incoming frosh, I was offered New College and went ahead with filling the application, I even got the Official Offer of Residence, all I got to do now is pay the fee.  Is it still possible for me to apply to Chestnut? (I'd honestly thought Chestnut was a part of New or something) Thanks!
0.0 |  New College Convocation July 20 Looking for one ticket for the New College convocation at 10 am on July 20. If anyone has extra tickets they’re willing to sell please PM me! Thanks!
0.098 |  I'm an idiot I just received an email about how I forgot to submit my residence application for New College and have lost my guaranteed  acceptance. Honestly this is completely my fault and any excuse I can give is flimsy at best. Is there anything I can do to rectify the situation (already sent an email explaining my fuckup and filled out the application) or am I just screwed? Should I send submissions to all residences now that I'm not guaranteed anywhere? What are the chances for a first year undergrad getting accepted anywhere? Any help would be appreciated.
0.0 |  New college? [deleted]
0.058 |  First Year Residence Questions I'm a first year student admitted to New College: I've just completed my New College Residences Application and I was wondering, when I applied on Star Portal, there was no where to pay a deposit. Is my deposit fee for residence only due/requested AFTER I get my official offer of residence or am I supposed to pay it BEFORE?   Also does anyone know if the deposit fees differ based off of residence building, dorm style, etc.?  TIA
0.0 |  Upper year residence chances? I lived in chestnut first year and applied for woodsworth, innis, new college and UC for my 2nd year.  Am I considered a returning student since I lived at chestnut 1st year?  What are my chances of getting into a res 2nd year?
0.031 |  Are welcome events worth my time? So back in February I was accepted to life sciences and New College as a transfer student (previously I was doing a BA). There is a five hour "welcome event" this Saturday starting at 10 am. I couldn't really find detailed information on the purpose of it and I am wondering if I should bother going.  Anyone done this? Is it worth it?
0.066 |  Change my mind, please Hello, I currently go to a high school in bc and recently I was accepted to the faculty of materials engineering and will be going this fall.  I chose u of t instead of ubc since I wanted to experience something different cus I’ve lived my entire life in the lower mainland. However, the things I hear about u of t are mostly negative which are starting to worry me. Thus, I’m writing this post.  Some of my friends who went there for their band trip told me that most of the colleges are depressing and dirty since the showers are shared is that really true?\(especially Victoria college if I don’t get into new college\). I’ve also heard that u of t doesn’t necessarily treat their students well\(fairly\) since they give more opportunities to “smart people”. Also i heard that it’s almost hard to make it to class on time if your in colleges other than new college for engineering since you can’t take a transit.   Another part I’m worried about is the engineering faculty building, is it depressing? And also are there lots of Chinese people? \(I just feel that if there are too many people that speak foreign languages I’d feel out of place and not even be able to have a conversation because it would be rude to interrupt)\The pictures I look up are really deceiving in my opinion that’s what my friend who went there also said. Also the studying environment, I’m not sure what to think at this point but I’ve heard that its really competitive and easy to get distracted compared to McGill and ubc since it’s in downtown Toronto.  Will I be able to at least graduate if I try my best? I understand that many people can have different opinions and also biased ones since I’m in BC but with the information I have right now I feel like my life at u of t isn’t going to be a good one.  I would like to hear your opinions, thank you in advance. \&lt;3
0.0 |  proof of enrollment where can i get a proof of enrollment sheet if im in new college? the pdf doesnt show on acorn
0.088 |  Applying for New College. What are your experiences/suggestions? Applying for New College residence and wondering if you guys have any experiences/suggestions with the rooms/buildings.  Currently I put down Innovations and Technology community \(going into CS\) and double room. I want to go with a bed\-over\-desk to save money but afraid it might feel too cramped.  Also, any idea how I can use[ this questionnaire ](https://ibb.co/bsP8T8)to increase my odds of a good roommate and a nice view? Do you think they put neat people with messy people or messy with messy  🤔 
0.11 |  Do you have to live on campus to get a shot at receiving a college scholarship? My friend and I are considering off-campus housing (first year) but we're not sure if we'll lose a shot at our college scholarships -- specifically, New College and St. Michael's. Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Best residence ? I ranked the following :  1) Victoria University Residence  2) New College Residence  3) St. Micheals College Residence  4) Chestnut Residence  5) Trinity College Residence   6th choice is university College Residence however it says “ university College Residence reserves a maximum of 20 spaces for students within a professional faculty “ what does this mean ?   But yeah which do u guys recommend ?  
0.239 |  RANT: new college basement washroom near the Ivey library (female) [deleted]
0.032 |  Question Hey, so i just got accepted to new college for arts and sciences yesterday. I was happy to get accepted although i had my heart set on UC. Can you guys tell me some of the good things about new college to help me understand more about it and why its good (p.s. i don't care at all about the inclusive or sjw stuff that it advertises)
0.061 |  Where can I borrow laptop which can leave Library? My laptop is dead but I need laptop for one class which is evening class. I checked online the library which allows laptop out of library for us is only new college which closes at 6 and need to return laptop before library closing. Is there any other place from where I can borrow a laptop?
0.062 |  NC registrar lady Every time I contact the new college registrar Lauren, and ask questions, she sounds so condescending and has no patience. Am I the only one who feels this lol 
0.0 |  Is it possible to change your college? Fresher in fall, I've been admitted to New College... but I literally can't find any information about it (say on YouTube. By comparison, UC, Vic and Trinity are all over YouTube!) I knew nothing about the college's  when I applied, and Victoria is looking better at the moment.   Is it possible to change my college? Who should I email?  If I cant, do tell me something about New College.
0.065 |  How hard is it to get into a residence as a transfer student? (2nd year) + questions about residences Basically I'm transferring to uoft for 2nd year and I'm doing my residence applications right now. I want to go to either Chestnut (single), Victoria college (upper/lower burwash single), or new college (45 wilcocks single), I'm wondering what my chances are to get into any of these? Anyone know if they're exceptionally hard to get into, I might not transfer if that's the case because I'll have no where to live.   What's the difference between upper burwash and lower burwash in terms of single rooms? How are the washrooms different, there was a mention of one of them being 'semi-private'  
0.0 |  Opinions on the University College residence what are the pros and cons of each university college residence? (morrison hall, sir daniel wilson, and whitney)
0.035 |  New College LLC and Halls Hey everyone! I'm a future life sci student currently registering for the residence at new college and would really appreciate any additional info regarding the meal plan, LLCs, individual halls, e.t.c.   I can't seem to find much information about the differences between Wetmore, Wilson, and Willocks (I know that there's a pretty drastic difference in the quality of the UC buildings). Are they all that different, and is there one that's really worse than the others?   Also, how much do the LLCs really matter? The description U of T provides is pretty vague but I guess my primary concern is that my selection of one of them will guarantee my placement in one of the halls (and I really don't know much about them).   I would **love** to have a single room, but from what I hear, that's pretty difficult to secure with New. Is there any one hall in particular that would help my chances?  Thanks!
0.0 |  Is it possible to stay in New College dining hall all day without paying more than once? On a budget lads. 
0.0 |  NC Reapp [deleted]
0.027 |  How can you find out during what Terms a certain Prof taught a course? Title might be confusing sorry, but I'm just trying to find out when my set of profs taught a course so I could look at the exams from that year (hopefully it means they wrote it and this year's exam will be similar?). It's a longs shot, but I'm talking about CHM135 (previously CHM139), and the 3 profs I had were Tihana Mirkovic, Mark Wilson, and Gilbert Walker  Edit: (also the past exams don't have the Prof's name(s) on them)
0.077 |  Would really appreciate some help with a theft Hey. Finished eating at the New college cafeteria about half an hour ago and came out to find my bag missing. Apparently two really high/inebriated guys were making a mess at New and they ended up stealing my bag.   They're two tall guys, probably both Caucasian and one might have red hair.  If anyone's been in the area in the past hour and seen two guys that fit the description, or if anyone just knows two guys who are really out of it rn, I'd really appreciate it.   
0.035 |  Residence life in New College Hey everyone! I was accepted to Lifesci in New College and will be living on campus next year :) I have a few questions about res life:  - How is the social life in New? Is it easy to meet people if you don't have a roommate? Is there a strong sense of community within the college?  - What's the party scene like? I'm not a huge partier but I do drink occasionally and I don't want to spend all my time studying (if that's even possible at uoft)  - Are any of the New College buildings close to a gym?  - How are the food options and what meal plan should I get? Is it possible to eat relatively healthy while on meal plan?   Sorry for all of the questions!! Thank you in advance if you can help :)  
0.105 |  Need Your Honest Advice (Prospective Student) Hi guys !   So after being accepted to UTSG(University College) CS in Dec as an international student, I have been quietly lurking on this sub and seeing all the posts. Initially I was extremely excited to be admitted as UofT has literally been my dream university, but the constant negativity and frustration that students share here on this sub is really alarming.   I really want to study CS  at UofT and I am ready to work my ass off..but I really want your honest and unbiased opinion on the atmosphere at uoft. The time has come to actually decide what college to attend and UofT is my top priority but the posts here on this sub have had me conflicted...   Here are some of my questions:   1.How difficult is it to clear the pOST cutoff? (For someone who is passionate about cs)   2.Are students allowed to participate in hackathons outside of uni? If yes then do the students simply miss their classes or are granted a leave?   3.I am an international student and am a bit introverted(trying to change that) will I be isolated and lonely all the time?   4.How  difficult is the course load and what are PEYs?   5.Can you guys tell me what course material should I study before entering first year in detail?(I am willing to study alot of the material in advance)   6.Any other advice for me?   7.Any advantages of UofT over other unis?   8.How difficult is it to make friends at uni and how large are classes?   9.For University College people: I chose Sir Daniel Wilson residence as my top priority..How is it?   I also got into UBC Okanhagan and waiting for my UW decision for CS but UofT seems like the place to be, as of now. I am willing to go to extra-lengths to succeed at uni while maintaining a somewhat normal social life...   Any advice is appreciated..please help me as I am still confused whether to choose UofT or not....   Thanks alot in advance ! :)
0.0 |  Pests in NC [deleted]
0.0 |  Summer residence options? Probably going to take summer classes so I need somewhere to live. Anyone have recommendations for summer residences? I would just look for a room somewhere but I don't have too much time to hunt right now/my parents think its too sketchy for some reason.  Anyone have experience with UC's summer residences (Whitney or Morrison) or New's summer residence (Wetmore)? Would prefer somewhere with a full kitchen so I can cook.  
0.297 |  Anyone eats at new college? Why this lady so rude? [deleted]
0.074 |  Will i be placed in a college? I originally applied to U of T Life Sciences New College, but I switched it to different colleges after the January 19th deadline. I ended choosing New College after the changes. Now, on my status check on JoinID, there is no college listed on my status. Would I still be placed in New College or not? I already contacted the admissions office  three weeks ago and have received no reply.
0.008 |  New College Student Council Spring Elections Voting is OPEN!!!!!!!! https://voting.utoronto.ca  New College Students: This is your time. This is YOUR time to be heard. This is YOUR time to be represented.   The New College Student Council exists to serve YOU (through YOUR student levies)! They are the official representative of the New College constituency in matters pertaining to the student body as a whole. They support the multi-faculty and organize academic and non-academic activities to make your time at New College as enriching as possible!!!  Have your voice heard and exercise your right to VOTE. Choose who will represent YOU for the 2018-2019 school year! And if you're graduating, leave a legacy behind and vote for an amazing NCSC!  Let's spread the word!  The voting period is from Wednesday, March 14, 2018 12:00AM to Friday, March 16, 2018 11:59PM.  https://voting.utoronto.ca   https://voting.utoronto.ca   https://voting.utoronto.ca
0.0 |  Accepted to New College? Anyone here accepted to New College going into first year? Or if anyone has any general advice that would be cool. Just looking to hear back from some New College people in general :D
0.0 |  New College Res Options Gonna be a second year eng student next year, already have a roommate in mind.  Can someone tell me more about New College facilities for each building in terms of bathrooms and rooms? Also what is the general population of each res like? Many first years? Internationals?  Thanks!
0.0 |  Best Residence Buildings - New College I have been accepted to U of T for the Mathematical and Physical Sciences program in New college. I will be staying in residence, so I want to know more about New college.  What are the pros and cons of each of the residence buildings, and which would you reccomend?  Also, any advice about New?
0.07 |  NC residence VS Chestnut residence Hi, I got admitted just today, CS at  UTSG. I need to make the residence decision, between chestnut and NC, if money is no problem, would chestnut be much better? Also, I heard there's three different building in NC residence. Which one is the best? Finally, I found out that a walk from Chestnut to bahen is terrible during the winter, how long would the term of "terrible" be? Sorry if it is a lot. Wanna hear some opinions from CS students (especially who live in NC residence or Chestnut)
0.138 |  Which grant applications are still open for someone in New College and is an undergrad in their 4th year?  About me: Canadian, CS undergrad in 4th year, not employed at the moment.  I’m completely broke and I still have fees on Acorn to pay. Help :(
0.0 |  College System I applied to New College Life Sciences but was wondering if I have to live at New College residence? If I end up living in Vic, where will I have my orientation?
0.0 |  Scholarship Reception held by Colleges I received an invite to the scholarship reception by New College. Has anyone attended a similar event at another college or at New College last year? How was your experience? Would you recommend going?
0.097 |  First year student at NC, want to switch to UC. I didn't pay enough attention when I applied, and New is just way to lame and boring for me.  What can I do to switch my residence to University College, (other than talk to the UC registrar, of course)? 
0.237 |  Anyone else think these are terrible ideas? [New College Cafeteria Revitalization] 
0.044 |  How Are The Parties At Woodsworth? I'm trying to rank my residence and living at Woodsworth with a meal plan from New College sounds pretty good. Wondering how the parties are because U of T seems to have a bad reputation when it comes to parties. If you're in a different res than Woodsworth feel free to comment on that reses party scene.
0.133 |  Pros and Cons of NC as CS student I wanna know what are good and bad being in NC as CS student
0.0 |  How to submit LWD application? I cannot find it online for new college, do I have to go meet them in person?
0.0 |  Woodsworth Residence im currently  a first year in new college, and im a commuter, i was wondering how are the chances to get accepted to woodsworth residence in second year?
0.0 |  Wilson Hall and Wetmore Hall have been evacuated due to a ‘suspicious object’ 
0.0 |  UC vs NC I am grade 12 apllying to UofT this year, and I am at the stage of ranking the colleges, I am interested in CS, so which one will be better?  I want to get into single room, and want good food. Any opinions or suggestions?
0.0 |  Anyone wanna go trick-or-treating on Halloween? It's the easiest way for college students to get candy without paying for it. If anyone's interested, I'll be outside Wilson Hall at night on October 31st wearing [this Minecraft costume.](https://i.imgur.com/fLvRSBP.jpg)
0.045 |  If you're in or near Wetmore Hall, please take a break from beating me and answer my question! Hello lil buddies,  In between responding to tired jokes about stabbing Sean Uppal, I saw a poster for a Friday the 13th marathon outside the lounge area in Wetmore Hall. I don't remember any details from it, as I saw it at a glance and Google/Facebook searches are letting me down (I'm assuming it's on the 13th). If you know what I'm talking about, or can pop over and take a look at the poster, I would really appreciate it if you could post the info here.  And yes, I know that Friday the 13th is a slasher film, ha ha.
0.11 |  saw some applications queries bout the diff between the college. i wrote a summary of them in a previous post, but thought we could help out the potential uoft students by compiling a new summary of the good/bad of each college. I'll start B-) Sometimes the types of ppl u see People in:    *Woodsworth* = tend to be rotman/business students if i recall. having ur dorm at this college will be beneficial to you if you are in Rotman cuz most of the courses are located around there (e.g. woodsworth basement, woodsworth college, rotman building, etc.). Also dorm wise, it's very nice - you get your own room + kitchen + closest of all colleges to st. george station. If you are a life sci student, might suck cuz most of our first year courses are in conhall/ss/medsci which is kinda far.. u get a key for ur room ontop of the key to actually enter the actual dorm.       *Innis* = is more arts students. also btw, if u belong to a a college some courses you are given priority I THINKKKK DKM IF IM WRONG. Same as woodsworth, but it's more strict regards to security (esp. on guests staying). Still relatively close to stgeorge, but closer to the conhall/ss/medsci buildings + robarts. also has that special roomkey for urself          *vic* = i just think that it's far tbh. i mean it doesnt really seem like it's on campus but that's the only thing. I remember going there to visit my friend and it was lowkey sketchy bc it was in an alley that's not very high traffic. however, close to bay street i thinkk.... and there's lots of food there ayo.          *trin* = u need to apply + essay + it's basically like hogwarts. u get robes and u do those stupid ceremonies (sorry i think im salty?) and students are seen as snobby. I personally held no judgment against them cuz i didnt know better but 3/3 people i met there are snobby. availability heuristics??! THROWING AROUND RANDOM STATS TERM I HAVE A VAGUE UNDERSTANDING OF? also close to everything ish --&gt; uc/conhall/medsci/ss/robarts. also i think the caf there had pretty good food?             *nutz* = LOL i wanted chestnut because it looked so nice but it was shared dorm and i wasnt bout to sleep with 1 eye open scared of my roommate stealing my shit. farthest from campus, closest to eaton centre. apparently walking gets old quick, especially during the winter time so gl;hf. food is shit too? i heard? who knows? and i heard that the elevators are constantly broken so unless u need motivation to get fit it seems that nobody wants to go there B- ) IM SORRY I DONT SPEAK FOR EVERYBODY JUST MYSELF             new college is behind ss. all i know is that it's quaint and that 2/2 friends that go there are the kindest and chillest ppl ever. if this is the one in wilcocks, i believe that there is shared washroom, but the room itself is cold. i just remember my room during this summer prog i stayed was concrete and it felt like a jail and i was sad        what's the 7th one. oh fuck it's *uc* . I dont know anything about UC.                hope this helps .     fixed stupid format
0.045 |  Internal Transferring from UTM to UTSG Hello, I'm a UTM student who wants to transfer from UTSG. My GPA is pretty bad from first year and I have calculated that if I do well this year (ie 3.7 or +), I will be able to pull it up to just right on 3.0 or 3.2 if aGPA = 4.0, which is unlikely. I know that 3.0 is what a successful transfer requires. However, I am not sure if the colleges differ in the required GPA for a successful transfer. I am  looking at Trinity College. Fascinated by its architecture and small sized community, I would love to become a member of it. Should I put Trinity as first choice? I am worried that it will affect my transfer since by putting down a college with more capacity (eg SMC, NC) as first choice I may be further ensured of a transfer admittance. 
0.0 |  New College 45 Willcocks ethernet Just set up my computer in my room. Ethernet not working. Was wondering what the situation is and if I can do anything to get it working.
0.0 |  Deliveries at Sir Daniel Wilson Residence Hey, I was just wondering if you guys know if the Sir Daniel Wilson Porter's office takes deliveries/packages, as the residence handbook only mentions Whitney and Morrison.
0.076 |  Wetmore Hall and New College Music Practice Rooms For anyone who has used them before, how often are they empty? Are they usually empty in the early morning or late night? Not a new college resident by the way.  Thanks!  Also, are there any other music pratice rooms near campus if they're often full?
0.099 |  How lame is this new college frosh boutta be? entering first year... really don't wanna go to this orientation ~~week~~ 3 days but my parents paid for it and yada yada yada. exactly how lame will be? also, Does my Tcard get activated on monday the 4th or thursday the 7th cause im tryna use panam 
0.081 |  Music practice rooms on campus I'm learning an instrument and looking for places to play on campus. I tried looking at uoft sites but there only seem to be practice rooms for people in New College and Trinity College unless I'm misunderstanding.
0.0 |  Are there closets/dressers in New College Wilson Hall bed-over-desk rooms? [deleted]
0.0 |  Question regarding courses with multiple instructors... When you enroll in a lecture with multiple instructors assigned to it, do both profs teach you at some point throughout the semester? (Ie: Do they alternate lecture days/ teach half of the respective semester?) The course in question is PHY131H1. In the fall semester there are two lecture sessions (one in the afternoon and one in the evening) and both have been assigned two instructors (Wilson &amp; Harlow).  Any and all help from senior students would be appreciated!
0.062 |  Confused about residence offers My daughter was accepted into EngSci for this fall and chose New as her college. She also applied to live in residence.  Amazingly. with less than a month to move-in day, she still hasn't received a residence offer but is told one will come by the end of next week.  She figured she would be offered a space in one of the three on-campus residences at New but now I'm reading about Chestnut and I'm worried they'll offer that to her.  That doesn't really seem to be in keeping with the college system that attracted her to U of T.     If she didn't select Chestnut, can it still be considered a  guaranteed offer of residence?   If that's the case, we'd feel a bit deceived, as there is virtually no mention of Chestnut in New College's  residence webpage and we would likely have chosen a different college with on-campus residence.   Any clarity anyone can provide on this would be helpful.
0.038 |  What are LLC's? (specifically New, Life (+) Science) The description on NC's website seems vague. What does it mean to live in an LLC (particularly this LLC), aside from a Don in Life Sci and being near other Life Sci students? What does "programming tailored to the needs of Life Science students" mean? (What have I signed myself up for??)
0.0 |  New College 45 Willcocks bed sizes Was just given my room assignment for the fall and winter term in New College at 45 Willcocks and was wondering what size of beds are in the rooms so I know what size of sheets to bring
0.0 |  How does mail services work in New College Residences? 
0.059 |  UofT New College Orientation New College is offering orientation for $120. Is it even worth to spend $120 on what seemingly is useless stuff and showing up for the events they have planned? Any free orientation at New College/ the entire university?
0.021 |  Res offer does not specify room type? I just got my offer to the New College residence but it doesn't specify if I have a double or single room. I'm not staying in res if I don't get a single, so I really don't want to waste money on a deposit if I'm not staying there.   Should the offer have specified room type? If not, will I find out with enough time to get an apartment for the year?
0.09 |  Haven't received a residence off yet, anyone in the same boat? Even though uoft guarantees the residence offer, I am super anxious right now, since the new college once sent out the wrong email that said I was rejected. Wonder if anyone has or had the same situation? I think I will be assigned to chestnut, but haven't heard anything from chestnut yet.... 
0.0 |  New College Residence Chairs What's up my dudes. do new college rooms have rolling spinny chairs or some bunk wooden chairs? ty 
0.048 |  Best/Easiest college to get scholarships I'm currently an incoming first year in New College, however I'm looking to change colleges so that scholarships and awards are more accessible to me. Which college would be the best for this? Ignoring dorms/dining halls etc. as I will be living in Campusone.
0.0 |  Anyone down to jam in New College music rooms this summer? I just got myself a new college music room card for the summer after realizing how little work I have from my summer courses. Anyone down for some casual jamming? All instruments welcome.  PS: mostly just an attempt to make sum more friends in the summer.
