0.0 |  Residence Query (Chestnut) I have been admitted into UTSG St. Mike's College for CS.  In the application for residence (I filled it during 1st week of March), I choose Chestnut as my first preference over St. Mike. What is the likelihood I will get residence at Chestnut?
0.0 |  Summer St. Michaels College Residence? Hi,  I’m wondering if anyone who has stayed at SMC residence over the summer is able to comment on how it is. It looks like a good option for some cheap housing during an internship this summer as opposed to spending $10k or so over the summer for an apartment.  Specifically, it seems like they don’t have a meal plan set up right now and I’m wondering how the food situation is / if there’s good, cheap food around. Any other information or personal experiences are also very helpful and would be greater appreciate it. Thanks!!
0.0 |  U of T St. George summer residence questions Hi everyone, I'm a current U of T undergraduate student looking to apply for summer residence at Graduate House. I'm wondering if I need to write multiple applications to different colleges, or is one enough? How common is it that there's not enough space to house summer residents at TUSG, specifically at St. Michael's College, and what other colleges do y'all think are good for summer residence?
0.109 |  Do you have to live in the college you are a member of? I’ve recently gotten my offer from UofT for Social Science and I got membership to St. Michael’s college. I’ve been told negative things about it’s residences like mediocre food, strictness, gender segregated floors and bad social scene in terms of partying and making friends, (correct me if i’m mistaken). Does anyone know if i have to live at the college i’m a member of and if not, can I change the college i’m part of? If anyone has anymore information (negative of positive) about St. Michaels that’d be highly appreciated.
0.154 |  Rez @ st Michaels college Got accepted, was placed into St. Michaels college and all I could online about it was negative things like people saying it has a poor social scene and dorms sucked. Since everything on reddit is pretty dated (5+ years ago), I wanted to hear some recent thoughts
0.174 |  Thoughts at St Micheals college Got accepted, was placed into St. Michaels college and all I could online about it was negative things - ex: poor social scene and difficult people. Curious on what current and past residents have to say on the college's current state, positive or negative. I will say ```  ``` it looks beautiful tho
0.0 |  St. Michael + Woodsworth Residence Don Applications i applied to 23/24 Residence Don positions at St. Michael and Woodsworth colleges, but I still haven't heard back from them at all. If anyone has moved to the second round of the hiring process at SMC / Woodsworth Don hiring, can you lmk when did you hear back and when the interview will take place?
0.0 |  Is anybody else hearing this? Some sort of convoy (Freedom Convoy?) is at Queens Park, and the non-stop honking is so loud I can hear it in Brennan Hall.
0.031 |  Flex dollars at bookstore? I get 50 flex dollars on my tcard for living at SMC residence but i’m not sure if this can be used only on st mikes campus or if it can be used elsewhere (particularly wondering about the book store but also wondering if can be used at food places like at robarts)  if anyone from SMC or anywhere knows the answer to this i’d greatly appreciate it!
0.0 |  St. Michael's vs Victoria college? [deleted]
0.04 |  Recommended second year residence Originally I was going to not go to residence for the whole year but then last minute I decided to join residence in the winter term. I wanted to be put into Elmsley at SMC but instead I was sent to Sobara hall which was pretty quiet on top of COVID. In result I pretty much met no one and left halfway through because they couldn't move my residence. I would love to meet new people in my second year but I don't know if SMC is the place to be for 2nd year students. What should I do during these strange times?
0.053 |  Any casual study spaces/Commons open on st George campus? Just saw that robarts is closed because of the full lockdown, going to campus to study  was pretty much my only way of being able to get out of the house and breathe  Sidney Smith Commons says it's open but I'm not sure if it hasn't been updated, I know Brennan hall used to be open by the registrar in September but I'm not sure if it still is  Just wondering if anyone knew of some open spaces
0.0 |  List of easy courses As I approach the end of my degree, I wanted to release a list of easy courses that I've compiled over the years and that I've used as electives for my engineering degree. Feel free to add to the list:  &amp;#x200B;  * ENV100 * PHL 232 * PSY100 * AST251 * ESS 105 * APS 360 * HPS100 * JRE 410 * APS 323 * APS 444 * SMC 316  * ENV 335 * FOR 303 * FAH 102 * GGR 124
0.16 |  lost presto card :( hey guys i lost my presto card i think somewhere around brennan hall so if you find one nicknamed "boomer card" please dm me (when you tap it on the presto app it should say the nickname)
0.0 |  SMC [deleted]
0.087 |  For Rotman Commerce, which college is the best to put as first choice? Out of innis, St michaels, university, Victoria, New, Trinity and Woodsworth, could someone give me a comprehensive rankings list from best to worst?
0.0 |  Trying to find someone (SMC) [deleted]
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.0 |  SMC [deleted]
0.0 |  SMC Graduating Awards [deleted]
0.0 |  Which college should I apply to if I want an apartment style res? Hi, I'm a grade 12 student applying into Life Science at St. George Campus and wanted opinions on which apartment-style college to apply to? I'm not too much of a party student and I would like for res to be close to where classes would be. I was considering vic but read that it's far from where classes are at.   Side note, is St. Michael College super religious?  And thoughts on NC vs. UC?
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.247 |  IM SO LONELY HERE So I’m a first year at uoft, a part of st mikes. I’m so lonely here. I live on res but literally I’ve made no friends. Wtf do I do. I’m so so. So so lonely. Will my 4 years at college be like this? I’m so upset. I’m going so deep into depression slowly. How do I make friends? Someone help
0.032 |  What are the showers like at Elmsley / St. Mike’s? I stayed a week at a residence building at the University of Guelph for a summer camp earlier last year, and the showers were pretty bad. It was a row of showers set into the wall with a curtain across the entrance—no door or place to put your clothes when you’re finished.      I’ve seen pictures of some residences that have full shower stalls, with a door, a bench/hook for clothes, and a shower set further back into the wall so your stuff doesn’t get wet.      Does elmsley have that? It’s my #1.
0.0 |  Smc dorm When will central heating turn on?
0.167 |  Anyone looking at the St. Mike's directory this weekend might get a little bit confused... I believe this is just for a movie shoot. 
0.0 |  SMC301 Notes for Lec 6? I had a quiz which took place somewhere about 1km away from Brennan Hall... I ran to the classroom as soon as I finished the quiz but still arrived late for 20 min. Can somebody plz send me the notes for the first 20 min of today's lecture?? Thanks!
0.117 |  St Mike’s Graduation Photos Does anyone know when grad photos for st mikes are being taken? has an email been sent out? the site is absolutely useless.
0.0 |  Billiards On Campus Anyone know anywhere to play pool on campus or if there’s a club around this?  I know Hart House doesn’t have one anymore and SMC just got one.
0.038 |  Best writing centre staff @ St. Mikes? I'm trying to book an appointment at the writing centre, but I'm not sure who to book it with since I've heard that some of the staff are better than others. Does anyone know who the best person to go to for help is?
0.0 |  For those in ECO105Y1 regarding the 11:00am Friday "lectures" Last week, many of us left during the supposed "lecture" that was supposed to take place on Fridays at 11:00am to 12:00pm @ Brennan Hall. The reason being was because the prof did not show up and it was supposedly not a real lecture but some kind of study/ review session.  I don't know if this information is true, but I've been looking for some clarity on this situation, so that I can decide if I need to keep attending these Friday sessions or not. Does anyone know what to do?
0.0 |  Carnival at SMC [deleted]
0.0 |  How are the Historic houses at SMC? I got a double room at the historic houses and am just wondering what to expect when I move in. How is the space at historic houses and what’s the general vibe over there?  Thanks :)
0.207 |  probably stupid question: is my meal card from smc valid at hart house? [deleted]
0.0 |  Frosh week advice? Hi, I'm a first year at SMC and will be coming to orientation next week.  Does anybody have any tips on what to bring/wear/expect?   Any feedback at all would be great! Thanks! :)
0.0 |  Elmsley Hall [deleted]
0.059 |  what is the difference between colleges ? heyo, sry for my english if its bad not my first language ;v. but whats diference between colleges (like st mike, victoria, uc, etc,,,)   thx!
0.0 |  Orientation Hey everyone, hope you're doing well. Has anyone in St. Mike's received info about orientation (where and when to buy tickets) etc? I've filled out the online form but just wondering if they've started to send out info yet.
0.08 |  can some of you fellas in sorbara hall residence drop out or sumn. mans on the waitlist over here need to get a room [deleted]
0.0 |  Graduation Winter 2020 I’m a 4th year international student studying CS and in St. Mikes. My family want to come for my graduation, but they need to book plane tickets soonish. When will we get a date for Winter 2020 graduation? I also saw that we are guaranteed 2 tickets, but can request for more, how likely is it that I can get 3 extra tickets for my fam? And is it first-come-first-serve for extra tickets?
0.04 |  Roommates? Is anyone still looking for roommates in SMC?  :( I've sent out a few requests but they all say "either you or this person has accepted the maximum number of roommates". If anyone is interested hmu! :D
0.0 |  Anyone goin to SMC Frosh? ya anyone goin
0.031 |  St. Mikes Residence - Queens Park Buildings Just got my residence assigned to one of the Queens Park buildings (either Fisher or Teefy) and was wondering if anyone has any images of the rooms because there is absolutely nothing on the internet (odd..) and pros and cons to this residence, also was wondering how big the rooms are/how clean the bathrooms are? Any replies would be much appreciated!!
0.0 |  Roommate Search SMC [deleted]
0.051 |  SMC198: How to Study Video Games (???) First post here! This course sounds too good to be true but I’m also a little lost as to what to expect. I did some background research on this course and it looks like a new course being offered this fall. I have several questions at the bottom of the this post and I would be grateful if I can get some insight from this subreddit. Here’s some information on the course:  Course Description: Games and play are a fundamental part of human society, and today digital games occupy a central place in popular culture, media industries, and the imaginations of players around the world. This seminar introduces students to the growing academic field of game studies, with an emphasis on close analysis of specific games as cultural objects. Through lectures, discussions, and in-class play sessions, students will build a critical vocabulary and toolbox of techniques for understanding the unique formal, aesthetic, narrative, and thematic properties of games in a variety of platforms and genres, and develop basic academic reading, writing, and research skills. No previous experience or expertise with video games is required to take this course. Restricted to first-year students. Not eligible for CR/NCR option.  Exclusion: Other first year foundations or College Ones courses  Distribution Requirement: Humanities  Breadth Requirement: Creative and Cultural Representations (1)  Professor: Felan Parker  Class size: 30 (full, no waitlist for this course)    Now, here are some questions and concerns I have:  1. This is a First-Year Foundations course, so does this course have an exam?  2. I’m a girl that’s quite new/casual to gaming, is it likely that a lot of my classmates will be a lot more experienced than me in terms of gaming knowledge? Could I possibly be starting at an disadvantage?  3. This is a SMC (not One) First Year Foundations course, can I take a TRN (not One, doesn’t mention it’s a First Year Foundations) course as well? (I’m in trin btw)  4. Is anyone else taking this course? Feel free to message me or comment! :)    Thank you all for reading this and please comment with answers to my questions or anything else I should know!
0.027 |  Actuarial Science FLC Schedule: Too Far Away? Hey,  &amp;#x200B;  I just got into the Actuarial Science FLC (which I'm really glad about), but I realized that they us up for MAT137Y1Y Calculus Lec0301 and Econ101H1F Lec0401, since these are the prereqs we have to take. While I like the schedule, I realized that the Maths course is held in McLennan Physical Laboratories - MP, while the Economics course is held in Brennan Hall - BR. Since these courses are right after one another, will I have the time to get from one place to another? They seem pretty far away from each other on the map.   The FLC planned this schedule, so they probably did think this through. Am I misunderstanding something? Thanks!
0.0 |  Can I enroll in a St. Michaels course (SMC-xxx), while not being a member of St. Michael's? Interested in taking an SMC course (SMC198H1F).  The priority enrolment for it just says first year. In comparison, a Trinity course that I also want to do has priority enrolment to first year students as well as Trinity students. What I'm seeing is that some college courses are open to everyone, which would include the SMC course I'm interested in??????
0.0 |  Book and Media Studies Major Any Book and Media Studies students here? I'm a first year and I'm interested in majoring in it but I'm not enrolled in SMC One. Can I still fulfill the entry requirements? Thanks!
0.0 |  Enrolment Times Hi, I'm an Arts &amp; Science Second Year. I know my course enrolment *should* begin tomorrow but it doesn't show my enrolment time on ACORN. I've tried to call SMC's registrar to find out my enrolment time but I keep being met with an automated message telling me that "mailbox is currently full" and to call back later.  I'm prepared to spend tomorrow just refreshing my ACORN until I can enrol. I was wondering if any of you people happen to know the time of day enrolment 'usually' begins. Alternatively, if anyone happens to know how I can figure out my enrolment time, I would appreciate that immensely.
0.0 |  CR/NCR course - Scholarship, Award Hi All,  &amp;#x200B;  I was wondering if a CRed course counts towards any in-course scholarship or graduation award. Some in-course scholarship requires a certain cGPA and some graduation awards calculates average of all course taken.  &amp;#x200B;  Back when I was in my first year, I emailed my college register (SMC) asking if CRed course matters in receiving a in-course scholarship and received an email saying that "CR courses do count in the calculation of the GPA towards the program." I was wondering if this was a standard thing? I cannot find a single relevant information on Google.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!
0.0 |  Has anyone on a waitlist for SMC res heard back yet? [deleted]
0.0 |  frosh ?? incoming first year hi, what the heck happens during frosh?? does smc even have frosh week
0.042 |  FLC Central or college? I am planning to apply to the FLC for lifesci for the upcoming year, but idk if I should choose college (st. mikes) or central. Which has a better timetable?
0.041 |  Not Getting Any Residence Offers So i applied to SMC for my first year at UofT but had to cancel my previous application because the site was not letting me change my meal plan options or contact info. I've currently restarted and submitted a new res application but haven't got an email back in a week. Is this normal?
0.0 |  Extra tickets available for SMC BSc Convocation on June 14 at 2:30pm Hi guys the convocation office is giving up to 4 extra tickets for those who are attending this specific ceremony as not many people are attending this year. You just have to call the convocation office at: 4169785940.   I was wondering if anyone could spare me extra two tickets using this method please. I will buy you a coffee :)
0.0 |  Thoughts on St. Mike's residences? I'm going into Phys &amp; Math Sciences in September @ St Mike's. Which residence buildings would you recommend (I like privacy and quiet) and why? Thanks y'all!
0.091 |  SMC Res Options First year-student trying to make a choice about residence. Elmsley vs. Fisher vs. Sorbara vs. Historic Houses. What experiences have you had in these dorms? Is it really so bad in the residences without AC? I'm leaning a bit more towards Elmsley or Fisher for having more first-years.   Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  St. Michael College [deleted]
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.08 |  I'm dumb so...  "you have been selected for admission to Studies in Mathematical and Physical Sciences at the Faculty of Arts &amp; Science with membership to St. Michael's College. " so that means my residence is in st michaels?
0.032 |  Colleges Question I am an incoming first-year life science student admitted to St.Michael's College who will be commuting. I would like to change colleges because I have medical issues and would like to have access to a registrar's office that is close to my classes. Also, I have heard that the registrar's office at St. Michael's is awful. Which colleges would you say have the best registrars and would be the easiest to transfer to? I am thinking mostly about University, New or Woodsworth.
0.052 |  Need to get out of SMC ASAP I have had nothing but terrible experiences with all but two of the SMC registrars. I also feel extremely uncomfortable going to the registrar because the alt-right, Islamophobic, racist, and misogynistic front desk staff member is still working there?????  The thing is, I'm going to my fourth year and I want to graduate in a year's time. I also don't know which college I should apply to. If it makes a difference, I have a competitive cGPA and it wouldn't hurt if I could scoop up some money from the college I transfer to.  I know I will need help from the registrar this upcoming year and the thought of having to walk over to that God-awful college is really unsettling.   Would really appreciate some advice on which college I could go to. I've emailed Innis, Vic, and UC asking if they'd consider an application and so far only Innis turned me down.
0.0 |  Will I get into SMC res if I just applied for the wait list today? Application was due March 31, and I’m an incoming first year student. OOPS.  I put down Sobara. How many waitlist students actually get into a res?
0.0 |  best res @ st mikes college? i'm going to be starting at st mikes next year, could someone tell me about the different buildings and which is the best to live in?
0.0 |  best res in st mikes college? [deleted]
0.025 |  I have questions about Loretto College/Residence and the colleges in general First of all, my understanding of the difference between college and residence is very foggy. I know one is a community and the other is where you live?   Anyway, I'm a currently a high school student. I'm planning on doing engineering at UTSG. I also have an offer from an artsci course and that offer came with an offer for innis college. Does that mean that I'm not in any college community thingy if go to engineering?   Also, about Loretto, what is it like? Is it very conservative? I heard that they're affiliated with St Mike's and that St Mike's isn't very accepting of LGBTQ students. Is that true? As someone who's bi, should I be worried? Loretto is my second choice on MyRes for engineering (I didn't research enough) but I'm hoping I get into my first choice (Innis).  Sorry for all the questions, even a bit of info on any of these would be a ton of help, thank you 🙏🏽
0.047 |  Is there any way to change my residence rankings? I submitted the MyRes application for my engineering program back in March but now I realized I don't want to get into my second choice, which is loretto's college. I believe if I make any changes to the MyRes application, I won't be guaranteed residence.  My first choice is Innis but they have limited spots for engineering so I'm afraid they'll put me in loretto.  If I contact them, would they change it for me?
0.021 |  First Year (Life Sciences) Hey everyone,   I was admitted in UTSG with membership in St. Michael's College and I'm planning to schedule my timetable for the first year. I know it's too early to plan but still, I'm really worried about the first year. Can anybody please comment on the following:  (1) How is St. Micheal's College for a life sciences student?  (2) Are there any professors whose lectures and notes are very useful, like I mean who is really good at teaching and whom you guys would really recommend?  (3) I am planning to take the following courses in the first year so what do you guys think about it, is this enough or do I need to plan for more?  Fall :  * **BIO120H1**  * **CHM135H1**  * **MAT135H1**   &amp;#x200B;  Winter:  *  **BIO130H1**  *  **CHM136H1** *  **MAT136H1**
0.098 |  College/Residence for Rotman I got admitted to Rotman Commerce a couple weeks ago. I got the St. Michaels's college and I've heard that it isn't a great residence because it's quite strict. I'm an international student and I'm not really religious, so I wanted to know whether St Michael's is too religious or not? Secondly, how bad is the food because I see a lot of people talking shit about it.   I also wanted to know whether there are any Rotman commerce students at Chestnut Residence, or is it too inconvenient.  I'm not sure whether any of this is accurate so I wanted some advice.
0.0 |  Muslims at St. Mikes [removed]
0.0 |  Non-academic differences between UT colleges I am curious about the 7 colleges at UofT St. George (although already admitted to New College and Science-oriented student). What are their differences socially, in terms of what kinds of people, what goes on there? Can i hang out at different colleges or is that technically not permitted? I've heard Vic is artsier and SMC is more Catholic. Does UofT have a lot of parties and what are some cool events to take part in?  
0.0 |  Empirical proof that SMC is the superior college All facilities working normally with the help of Jesus.
0.0 |  St Michaels College? [deleted]
0.053 |  First year residence (SMC) I just got an offer with st. michael’s college for the residence, what are the pros and cons? Should I request for a change? Im quite scared because one of my friends who is already living in this college said smc is like auschwitz.....its not such a place to live..
0.065 |  Changing colleges Hello, I have recently been accepted into the arts and science at U of T at St. Mikes. I was wondering how id go about changing colleges, I am uncomfortable with being at St. Mikes for personal reasons. I've seen a few posts about talking to registars but which college should i contact and which is most likely to let me in.  Edit:  emailed admissions telling them about the problem and they moved  me to New College. Thank you all for the advice!!
0.083 |  Accessibility Services Appointment I have my accessibility services intake appointment tomorrow at St. Mikes and I'm kind of nervous. Do they just immediately take my request to be enrolled with accessibility? Or should I be more prepared going into the appointment trying to convince the advisor I need help? Just for context, I suffer from anxiety and grief issues related to my family life, and its set me back a lot in the past year or so. I don't think my situation is that simple to explain to a random person which is why I'm concerned.   Any sort of idea what the intake appointment is like or what questions they can ask? Thanks :)
0.049 |  St. Mike's vs. Loretto-res life? I've been accepted to UofT as a first-year social sciences student, and I'm having trouble deciding which to rank higher, St. Michael's College residence or Loretto College. Can anyone give me information about what it's like to live at these residences? Food, dorm experience, culture? It's been especially hard to find information about Loretto College. Thanks!  Edit: Anything about Chestnut would also help.  Edit 2: I've ranked them as St. Michael's first, then Chestnut, then Loretto. 
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.136 |  St. Mike's In-course scholarship? Anyone know why/when they give these out? I searched the St. Mike's website but there wasn't any scholarship info (they had a dead link). I'm curious about this scholarship if anyone knows anything about it.
0.0 |  Residence questions Hey so I recently got accepted to arsci at st George and university college. I have a few questions about residence. On myres I have two options for residences, uc and chestnut, is it possible for me to live in st Michaels as I want to room with a friend. also how would I request a roommate if that's possible.
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.0 |  Are residence tours worth the time? I applied to UofT for my master's degree (waiting for my interview in April) and since I lived at home throughout my undergrad I thought I should try living in residence if I get accepted (I'm from London and went to Western).  For my program my only options are either the Grad House or the all-women residence at Loretto College. I already applied for the Grad House but I thought I should visit the places beforehand.  I was wondering if getting the residence tours would be worth the time since I'll be traveling from London, which is like 2 hours away, and it seems like I need to go through the booking process for the tours too.  Thanks in advance.
0.0 |  Meanwhile at St. Mikes... 
0.079 |  In-Res Advice: St. Michaels vs. Chestnut Hey guys, I'll be entering UToronto this fall under the School of Arts and Sciences. Right now, I'm kinda stuck between St Michaels and Chestnut as choices. I understand from scrolling around other Reddit posts and research that St. Michaels is a Catholic College (which is fine cause I'm Catholic), and either throws big parties or is super elitist and cliquish; meanwhile Chestnut is nice, but far away and expensive, and potentially overrated and dead? They're all quite disparate and conflicting data, and I would appreciate any other input to firm out my decisions/impressions.      Would love some anecdotes, advice, or anything inbetween to help me make my decision. Thanks in advance guys!
0.0 |  SMC 2019 Frosh Seems like 2019 frosh leader applications have been released for most other colleges expect St. Mikes?? Any reason for this and when should we at least expect the applications to be released?  &amp;#x200B;
0.0 |  Does different colleges give out different grants and scholarships? SMC gave me 3K this year when I applied for the grant. Wondering if other colleges gives more or less. Also curious about scholarships
0.0 |  Boxing at st mike's I was walking near elmsley hall yesterday around 8pm and i saw that there was a room where would appeared to be a boxing class taking place, there were a couple of people practicing with gloves on, and someone that appeared to be a trainer. I've always really been interested at boxing at u of t but have never seemed to find an actual club etc to to so, so was wondering if anyone had any info on this "boxing" at st mike's, is it a club and is it possible to join? Thank you
0.0 |  St. Mikes sending a cult message to its members 
0.138 |  When the school can't drop the course you wanted... So I wanted to drop a course and instead my registrar drops the wrong course that I'm doing well in. I even wrote the proper course code on the paper and how did I get dropped from the wrong course?  I'm at St Mike's.
0.013 |  Switching into another college Hi, does anyone know how I can switch into another college? Is there a site where I apply or do I have to email someone to apply? Do they look at your GPA?   I am a first-year humanities student currently in St. Mike's. I want to switch to New College because they have music practice rooms that are free for New College students, while St. Mike's does not offer this kind of resource. (along with other reasons including the fact that St. Mike's registrar sucksss)   Is New hard to transfer into? Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Degree explorer vs. Program website? My program's course listings (History) show a course from a different program (SMC) as applying to a history divisional requirement \[with this class being equal to a history course so does not exceed the limit of substitute courses\]. However degree explorer does not show that it applies to this division. Which one is more up to date/ accurate?
0.259 |  Just another reminder of how horrible St. Michael's College is [deleted]
0.0 |  St Mikes Registrar Assistant [deleted]
0.0 |  St. Mikes [removed]
0.19 |  About what happened at st mikes I haven’t heard much about it, but how were those assholes punished? It boils my blood just thinking about it and I’d like to know what UofT or anyone else did about it. 
0.0 |  Grants Did anyone get their grants yet?  wondering for (St. mikes) college. 
0.023 |  Which college should I choose? I'm sure this question gets asked a lot, but I'm having a difficult time trying to find which colleges specialize in which programs/areas of interest. I want to get a Humanities BA with an English major with art, writing or history as potential minors. I like the Kensington Market and Chinatown area but I still want to be close to everything. I do like to party from time to time so I'd like to be somewhere lively and still really hip. I'm leaning towards Victoria and St. Mikes based on what I know so far. I'm sure there's no bad choice, but I appreciate anyone's insight!!
0.0 |  Did any of you St. Michael's 2019 graduates receive info about graduation in June 2019? [deleted]
0.0 |  When will I hear back from residence for the winter term? I’m living off campus rn and applied for residence for the winter term at UC and SMC. When will I hear back from them? I want to know ASAP as I have to give 60 days notice before terminating my lease at my current place
0.0 |  Clown walking around with chainsaw around Historic Houses (Smc res) at night My don said that there were reports of a clown with a chainsaw wandering around the residences during the past three nights.  Does anyone know anything about it?    Edit: inserted screenshot    [My don talking about it](https://i.imgur.com/gZXunht.jpg)  
0.0 |  Applicants, read about the One programs before you rank your colleges The Ones are college-specific programs dedicated for first-years (read: you can't do them if you are a second-year and above). Take a look at [this link](http://www.artsci.utoronto.ca/futurestudents/programs/college-one-programs) to learn more about them. They are generally pretty interesting. Each of the three Ones of St. Mike's, for example, gives you a scholarship and takes you abroad over the summer with room and board covered.
0.0 |  Once again, nobody ever answers phones or emails at St. Michael's College [deleted]
0.014 |  Transferring colleges as a second year? I was wondering if it would be possible for me to transfer from my college (st mikes) this year in any way? Im not picky about which college, I just want to leave st mikes. I know victoria college has a gpa requirement to transfer but I cant seem to find information on things like woodsworth or some other colleges. Should I email my own registrar or???   thanks!!
0.0 |  What is St Michaels Elmsley residence like? Hey everyone,  I’m a first year who’ll be living at St mikes for the next 8 months, so I just wanted to know some info (very small questions)  I have a double room, so my questions being:  1) Do you get hot water?   2) How often are the toilets cleaned? (and are they well maintained?)  3) What is the roach / pest scene like? I absolutely can’t handle bugs   4) Is the food good? The YouTube video seemed pretty nice. Can I use the kitchen to make myself instant noodles if I want?  That’s pretty much it. Any other tips you could tell me about living there would be appreciated too!
0.117 |  Where/how do I opt out of not mandatory fees that are included in tuition? I have no problem paying for stuff I'll actually use, but there's so many bs incidental fees on Acorn and they add up to almost $1k each term and if there's anything I *can* avoid paying, then I wanna get my money back. Like seriously, wtf is the SMC commuter fee??? I'm a commuter and didn't get any benefit relating to this incidental last year so where's my money going? So yeah, pretty much what do I need to go to either opt out or get a rebate on as many of these incidental feels as possible? 
0.0 |  Question about graduating So I am a Rotman student but my college is SMC. I'm graduating in April of 2019 and I was wondering there was a choice between graduating with Rotman students or SMC students.
0.0 |  What are the rooms in Elmsley Hall like? I can’t find much info anywhere aside from the dimensions. If anyone was in a double room before could u enlighten me. Are there closets or wardrobes? Do u get a dresser or a desk? Any info would b appreciated ! 
0.06 |  Roommate finder disabled SMC sent out an email on August 2nd saying they disabled the roommate finder and they said they’d email again when it was fixed but they haven’t sent anything out yet.  They said we need to pick a roommate by august 9th or they’d pick one for us. Does anyone know if they’ll extend the deadline or if we’re screwed with a random roommate?
0.022 |  Residence cost question Just got my St. Michael’s College residence fees. I’m assigned a double room at Elmsley Hall and I have the 5 day meal plan — it amounts to $7,911 for the fall term. Is the winter term going to be the same exact amount or will it be less? Curious because I was told double rooms aren’t as expensive as single rooms and I’m not sure if I need to keep working my current job for the extra money.  Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  What are the pros and cons of Elmsley hall? Title  Edit: If anyone has any pictures of the rooms, could you please share? Curious to see what they look like and I can’t find any images on google. Thanks!
0.0 |  What's Queen's Park building res like? Got into queens park building (smc) for res (double room), don't know yet if I'm in Teefy or Fisher. What are the rooms like? Are they super old or fairly okay? Is it a good place to be for first year? 
0.075 |  St mikes residence question I’m a first year international student who will be living in st mikes this year. For the Christmas holidays I will be traveling back home and I was just wondering can I leave my things in my room or do I need to empty it out before I leave? 
0.0 |  when will st. mikes give us move-in dates? they said sometime in july but the month is pretty much over, unless they plan on emailing them out on the very last day 
0.0 |  When do first year students receive an update on residence? I completed and submitted my college's residence application and paid the deposit about two months ago. I haven't received any update since then. When do they tell you what building/room you're going to stay in? I'm in St. Michael's College if that helps.  Thanks!
0.031 |  Why does St. Mike's charge so much more in incidental fees relative to other colleges? So my invoice includes approximately $150.48 worth of mandatory fees going to St. Mike's each semester. This includes  the SMC Campaign Fund, SMC General Fee, SMC Student Union, SMC Commuter Fee and The Mike newspaper. Meanwhile my friend who is registered under Woodsworth College is being charged only $7.50 each semester.   I barely even associate with St. Mike's other than going to the registrar on the rare occasion, yet it seems I'm paying about $286 more than my friends at other colleges who get essentially the same facilities. Is there anything I can do to avoid paying these random fees (other than switching colleges)? 
0.067 |  Start time not showing on Acorn?! My start time has not been available on acorn at all. I've contacted my registrar (st mikes) almost 30 times. No one ever answers the phone and I've also emailed. I work 11-7 everyday so I am unable to go in during their office hours. I am second year therefore my enrolment begins tomorrow. I have no idea when I can begin enrolling and it's making me a bit anxious.  All my fees are paid from last session and I was invited back. It doesn't make sense.   Edit: finally st mikes useless registrar gets back to me through email. Apparently I don't have a set start time and can begin enrolling anytime at or after 6AM tomorrow. Good luck on enrolment everybody. 
0.0 |  st. mikes housing pls help [deleted]
0.126 |  SMC Registrar with far-right views on social media There's a staff member at the Registrar with far-right, Islamophobic, racist and misogynistic views. He's at the front desk a lot. What's the protocol for complaining about this without facing repercussions?  Edit: marking names up and making a link rn  Edit: Name is blocked out: https://imgur.com/a/e3ZkHED  Edit: FB is down
0.25 |  St. Mikes' Registrar staff member with racist, Islamophobic, misogynist content on FB [removed]
0.286 |  SMC Registrar with racist, Islamophobic, misogynist content on his FB? [removed]
0.333 |  SMC registrar staff with Islamophobic, racist, misogynistic views? [removed]
0.0 |  PSA: Does St. Michael's College endorse these views? [deleted]
0.046 |  Switching Colleges What does it take to switch colleges? Do you need some sort of valid reason, because I tried a few years ago and they really made it clear it was not going to happen yet I've heard of other people who've done it. I'm coming back for a second undergraduate degree and I heard that Vic has a great scholarship program, I'm currently at St. Mikes, maybe the worst college for scholarships? Any advice on what I could do?
0.11 |  Do you have to live on campus to get a shot at receiving a college scholarship? My friend and I are considering off-campus housing (first year) but we're not sure if we'll lose a shot at our college scholarships -- specifically, New College and St. Michael's. Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Anyone else apply to the St. Michael's Boyle Seminar in Scripts and Stories? [deleted]
0.0 |  OSAP application has listed the incorrect college. Is this normal? I just made an OSAP account and linked it to my OUAC, and under the applications it's set up for me it has listed University College on the application instead of St. Michael's. Is this normal?
0.0 |  St. Michael's College Residence vs Chestnut Residence [deleted]
0.074 |  GPA for grad school Hi everyone! I was accepted to UofT St. George St. Michael's College and I will most probably be attending \(small chance I will be going to UIUC\). I know that UToronto LifeSci is ranked quite high, but I heard that the Biochem/Bioinformatics programs have heavy grade deflation and it is hard to get into the top US grad schools with the low GPA as an outcome of this. Can someone please verify if this is true? Does UofT really have that bad of an impact on GPA for LifeSci and heavily affect chances of getting into top US grad \(or med\) schools? Thanks!
0.127 |  Meal plan at st.michaels Hi, I'm going to st michaels and before I can complete the residence application, I do need to put a meal plan choice but I'm not sure how the meal plan works. Is flex dollars like you have a card and you just basically pay for each meal? What are the other options? Also, how good/ bad is the food? Sorry, I just can't seem to work their website.
0.035 |  St. Michael's College - which residence house? Hey guys, I got into St. Michael's College but I need a little help in deciding which residence house to choose from (Elmsley, Sorbara, Teefy, Fisher, Historic and More Houses.) The information page about the residence houses isn't working for whatever reason :( so I've decided to resort to the people of reddit to inform me about the pros and cons about each of the houses. As of right now I'm leaning towards Sorbara, Elmsley or Historic, but you can try to convince me otherwise. Thanks in advance! :)
0.0 |  USMC ANNOUNCEMENT: POWER OUTAGE ON CAMPUS " We have a power outage on the USMC campus north of St. Joseph Street. Elmsley Hall, Brennan Hall, Carr Hall, the Queen’s Park building and Odette Hall are all presently without power.  We have made arrangements for students who remain in residence to get their meals in the the Canada Room. While power is slowly being restored, safety checks will take us a few more hours. Given the situation, we would ask that all faculty and staff who do not have a direct role in restoring power, remain at home today.  Students who are not on campus should not attempt to come to the USMC campus. We have been advised that the rest of the University of Toronto campus remains open and all activities are proceeding as normal. We will provide updates as new information becomes available. "
0.156 |  St. Mikes Residence- Elmsley or Sorbara? Hello! I’m trying to fill out my res thing on starportal and St. Mikes keeps sending us dead links (404 error) when it comes to residence information which is annoying.  Any insight into these halls? Which ones are nicer/cleaner/newer in your opinion?  Any advice appreciated as there’s no pictures online or anything and I’m an international student so I have no way of finding out what the dorms are like before making the $600 down payment. Thanks!
0.109 |  SMC residence for returning student ( urgent !!!!) Hey guys, i'm a 2nd year student planning to return to SMC residence. In order to return to the residence in upper year, i needed to submit reapplying application and was waiting for the result. Unfortunately, due to my GPA, i wasn't considered in the first round of offer but they said they will have second offer for low GPA student. I'm just curious if returning student reapplying to the residence are normally accepted. I heard that there are enough space for the first year and the upper year students in general but i'm still not sure. This is very annoying cuz i need to find another housing if i'm rejected but they said they will send the second offer after June. Thanks !! 
0.0 |  What are the minimum A level grades required to confirm my offer of admission? Hello! I've been offered a place in Computer Science at St. Mike's. My offer letter mentioned: "You have been admitted on the strength of your predicted results. The University reserves the right to withdraw this offer of admission if you do not maintain your current academic standing in each of your Advanced Level subjects, particularly in any of the courses required for your program of study. You must successfully complete at least three different Advanced Level subjects."   I had 6 subjects in my A levels and my predicted grades were 6 A+(stars) (because I had a 95% average in AS). So do I have to get 6 A(stars) during my May 2018 examination or what? 
0.23 |  SMC President Mavid Dulroney Forgets to go to Church! This is outrageous! [deleted]
0.0 |  First year residence - St. Michael's College Got admitted a few days ago with a place in St. Michael's College and I was wondering how residence is. Is the food decent? What are the pros and cons? any info would be helpful!  thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Chestnut vs. St. Mike I'm an international student so can't visit either myself. I was recently admitted (life sciences) to St. Mikes and need to rank- which one is better? pros and cons? thank you
0.0 |  St Mikes Advice I just got into Rotman Commerce, and they put me into St Mikes. How are the rooms and parties at St Mikes. Also is it possible for me to transfer colleges?
0.0 |  St Mikes Opninions [deleted]
0.066 |  Newly admitted to undergrad life Sciences but struggling with ranking residency. I have just been admitted to the Life sciences program and have been given 3 choices for residency (St. Michaels, Chestnut, and Loretto). In terms of location which would be the best for a life sciences student? 
0.0 |  St Mikes - an honest review? Hi I’m an international student so I haven’t been able to visit U of T in person but I did recently accept my place there and was wondering if you guys could tell me a little more about my college? Mainly the social scene, the dorms, pros and cons, I know it’s a religious college so maybe a bit on the experience with that etc? Thank you so much! 
0.265 |  In Tragic Building Code Mix-Up, First-Year Engineer Bound for Brennan Hall (BR) Accidentally Wanders into Brass Rails 
0.0 |  First-Year Residence, St. Michaels or Chestnut? I was recently admitted into Social Sciences at St. George and am currently ranking residences, my choices on MyRes are St. Michaels or Chestnut. I understand that St. Michaels is closer to campus while Chestnut is farther downtown and closer to shopping centres and other amenities. As a first year student what are your opinions?
0.0 |  When are grant apps due? Specifically for St. mikes?
0.018 |  Transferring Colleges I'm a first year student at St. Mikes and to put it simply, I don't like my college. Along with many other reasons, I would like to transfer to Vic because I agree with their values and I think their Student Union is much more welcoming than the one at St. Mikes.  One of the requirements however is to have at least a 3.3 cGPA, which I don't think I'll be able to reach at the end of the year (maybe at most a 3.0). I was wondering if anyone was able to transfer to Vic or any other college without fully meeting the GPA requirement.  Many thanks!
0.039 |  International student questions 1) do you get long weekends and if it's relatively free could you go on trips to say Montreal or NYC, is there time for that ?   2) is it smart to get a car if you're living on Res ( SMC) or a Motorbike ? Is there any harm in getting one   3) how many hours a day do you average on your studies and what do you do the rest of the day, also how long are classes 
0.153 |  UofT St mikes What's the college like ? I know the residence isn't that great and in winters it can be tough but what's life like ou there ? Is it boring ? And how catholic is it ? Does the single gender res make a big difference ? Or are there gender segregated floors ? Really confused about SMC
0.079 |  St. Mike's faculty have reached a tentative agreement with the administration, one day before strike deadline 
0.02 |  Is there any kitchens that I can use to cook my own food on campus? Like any in residences? I'm a st mikes student and my res doesn't have any kitchens to whip something up. Is there any kitchen on campus that I would be able to use freely? Or even if I have to pay like a small fee? Thanks 
0.272 |  Where to live after first year? Currently at residence at St. Mikes, I really hate it. Wifi is bad, food is awful. Are there any other affordable places to live near uoft?
0.126 |  question about mental health services my parents basically called my artsci affiliated college (ex. St. Mike's, or Woodsworth)... cuz they said they were having miscommunication problems with me, and the college referred a social worker for us to work out our problems...  if i don't attend, apparently i will get into trouble, but why is this? I thought in Canada we have the freedom to either accept mental health services or not, why should I get in trouble for not wanting to see a social worker?  and I'm already in my 20s, why do I feel like this is kindergarten all over again?   my parents can just blackmail me whenever they want and call my college, what the hell is this? this seems honestly like a threat to me
0.0 |  Rules of residence regarding dons? When are dons allowed to enter your room? Etc.   Basically... What are the rules regarding dons and their power to enter your room, search your room, or any other activity, thanks.  Smc specifically if that matters. 
0.04 |  Changing colleges after admission Hey,  When I was applying to UofT I didn't really pay much attention to the college rankings (which was entirely my fault, I know, and I let my counselor fill it up for me) so I got accepted to my first choice which was St. Michael's college for rotman commerce but I realized that I might be a better fit for Victoria or Trinity and I'm not sure how to change or if colleges even make a big difference? Do I have to reapply through ouac since trinity has a higher threshold?  Could someone help?
0.0 |  Best College to join? UFT ST George I been hearing St Mikes, and Trinity are super fun? Any ideas Thank you!
0.0 |  Victoria/St. Michael's for science majors? I'm applying for chemistry and can't decide on a college. I was leaning towards Victoria and St. Michael's but heard they're far from the science buildings. Is the trek across Queen's Park really that intolerable? Should I apply for UC instead?
0.0 |  SMC Conference Did they send out the acceptances? 
0.063 |  Can I change my college rankings after I have already applied? When I was applying to UofT, I was very rushed and I didn't really care about how I ranked the colleges. Looking back at it now, I wish I had set St. Michael's College as my first choice, but when I originally did my application, I ranked St. Mike's quite low. Is there anyway I can change my rankings? If I get accepted to UofT, can I apply to transfer colleges? 
0.0 |  Historic Houses at St Mikes I'm currently a first year and I'm considered residence for next year possibly, but only if I get into historical houses. Historic Houses 2 is the only all girls one and there's only 18 spots so I'm wondering how I would get in? Is it just first come, first serve or do only specific people get to live there?
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.017 |  Help deciding on my college rankings Hi all! I'm going to apply to the University of Toronto soon and I'm trying to decide on my college rankings. Here's my deal:  I enjoy partying but don't nesicarily want a "party" culture in my college at UoT. I like the idea of apartment style housing over dorms. I want to have some sense of a smaller community and also want to make sure I can get away from the noise of the city if I want to - some green space would be great. My major will be computer science. That being said, I have a range of interests from Environmental and Political Science to Visual Arts. I'm a solid student although I'm not sure if my rigor would be up to par with Trinity or Victoria.  Given this information, my preliminary research, and talking to people that I know go to UoT, this is my ranking of Colleges:  Innis, Woodsworth, Victoria, New, St. Michaels, Trinity, University  Where do you guys live and what would you recommend?  Thanks!  EDIT: I'm down to having Victoria or Innis as my first choice. There can only be one! Which would you guys favor and why?
0.08 |  Anyone else struggling in STA347? I'm in David Brennan's section and apparently he's a great prof but I just don't understand the class at all. Like it's around 5 weeks into the class and I'm still not sure what's really going on. I can sort of follow along in lectures and stuff but it feels like he's talking about a lot of irrelevant stuff. Then I read the notes / ps / assignment and I get really lost when it gets to some of the more theoretical stuff. I only have the bare minimum requirements of stats knowledge as prerequisites and I'm not really good at theoretical math, but I have to take this course for my major. Any advice??? Thanks in advance
0.045 |  Internal Transferring from UTM to UTSG Hello, I'm a UTM student who wants to transfer from UTSG. My GPA is pretty bad from first year and I have calculated that if I do well this year (ie 3.7 or +), I will be able to pull it up to just right on 3.0 or 3.2 if aGPA = 4.0, which is unlikely. I know that 3.0 is what a successful transfer requires. However, I am not sure if the colleges differ in the required GPA for a successful transfer. I am  looking at Trinity College. Fascinated by its architecture and small sized community, I would love to become a member of it. Should I put Trinity as first choice? I am worried that it will affect my transfer since by putting down a college with more capacity (eg SMC, NC) as first choice I may be further ensured of a transfer admittance. 
0.0 |  Does anyone know any places on the St. Michael's College campus where you can eat lunch? I bring a lunch from home and up until now I've been eating outside. I'm an undergrad St. Michael's student.   
0.0 |  Upcoming College Library book sales at U of T ... If you're new to campus - and even if you're not - you might like to know about four book sales that are coming up at various colleges    [St Mike's College at U of T](https://stmikes.utoronto.ca/booksale/) is having a sale at the end September 27 ~ September 30 2017   [Trinity College](http://www.trinity.utoronto.ca/library_archives/friends/book_sale.html) is having their sale Thursday, October 19th to Monday, October 23rd, 2017   University College is having their sale on [October 13th-16th](http://www.uc.utoronto.ca/fall-sale).  And [Victoria College](http://library.vicu.utoronto.ca/friends/book_sale.html) Thursday, September 21st until Monday, September 25th at Old Vic, 91 Charles St. W. (Museum Subway station). 
0.062 |  Summer School and Summer Research Hey there, So I'm a second year Human Bio major, and I was interested in doing one of the summer hospital research programs U of T has in conjunction with either Mt Sinai, St Mikes or Sick Kids. Was wondering if anyone had any experience with these and any advice? Also would taking 1.5 credits over the summer overlap horribly with the research positions which are mostly requiring a 9am-5pm commitment from May-August. Are most supervisors willing to accommodate classes? If anyone has any info that'd be appreciated. Thanks! 
0.0 |  Swoon Anyone know where to get flowers near St Mike's college
0.216 |  Who here thinks SMC's previous logo way more savage than the current generic one! 
0.075 |  Underwhelming St. Mike's Frosh People hyped up this frosh week like it was the next big thing, but in truth it felt really shitty and super underwhelming. At one point it seemed as if the people wearing red (marshals?) were having more fun than the first years.  Did I miss something? A lot of other first years I met left after the first day and I hope we're not the only ones that feel this way :/. 
0.0 |  groceries/food near st. mikes? anyone know any good CHEAP grocery or asian grocery stores near st. mike's that wouldn't be any more than like 15 mins walking distance? also, if anyone can recommend any good cheap bakeries too that would be nice (because sometimes i just really gotta have a cream pastry). thanks in advance! if there's already a thread about this i apologize, i haven't found anything about stores specifically near st. mike's.
0.0 |  How much dedicated ram do i need to server in Elmsley Hall? I need to set up my Minecraft server and I need to know how much dedicated wam I need to server
0.021 |  SMC Frosh Hey guys, I was looking at the schedule for Frosh and saw that SMC has a mass. I know it's probably not mandatory but do they give out any information about the rest of frosh or the college there? I'm not particularly religious but if I have to go I will. 
0.054 |  Temporary Luggage Storage I will be entering St. Michael's College this year but unfortunately I will be arriving in Toronto a couple of days ahead of the Move-In Day. I was wondering if there are any space on Campus where I can store my luggage for a day instead of dragging them back and forth?
0.0 |  Email address of SMC registrar? 
0.041 |  St mikes Elmsley hall layout? How many dressers does it have? How many Desks? How many Closets?  The website literally gives us no information and my roommate and I are trying to figure out how we will set things up in our room a little bit beforehand. Thanks a lot! 
0.083 |  Why doesn't anyone ever answer the phone at SMC Registrar's? I tried calling the SMC registrar office (416-926-7117) at least a hundred times throughout this morning and didn't get a response. Also tried the extension numbers of a bunch of different people in the registrar office but still couldn't get anyone on the line. Even during regular days with no course enrollment it's very difficult to find someone at the phone at this place. 
0.0 |  St. Michael's Triple Room I've been given a triple room in Queen's Park Building More house, however I can't seem to find any photos or details regarding it. Any info regarding Queen's Park Building is about single and double rooms. I was just wondering if anyone could provide some insight into the triple room.
0.049 |  Choosing colleges based on their sponsored majors I'm planning on attending for next year's academic year and applying in September. I know I want to take Book and Media studies and that St. Mikes sponsors it, but I don't really want to be a part of St. Mikes, I was looking more at something like Innis. I also want a coed floor, which I know St. Mikes doesn't have. I'm also not religious, and I know St. Mike's is. Has anyone taken a major that was sponsored by a college and been apart of that one or another? Do you regret it? 
0.0 |  Interesting article regarding St. Mike's administration controversy 
0.03 |  Orientation and waitlist questions I'm a first year life science student and want to do the "Pharmacology" program in second year. I've been waitlisted for PCL200H1 rank #66. Is there another course I can use instead to be able to do pharmacology or will I have to try my luck on the waitlist? cuz i think its quite unlikely I'll get in.   ALSO, I am part of Woodsworth College but my residence is in SMC. Should I join the Woodsworth orientation or the SMC orientation cuz im a bit confused. Thanks!
0.0 |  Lofted Beds Hello, I'm an incoming freshmen with residence at St. Mikes and was wondering if we're able to loft our beds. Thanks! 
0.0 |  Program requirement question? So on the page listing the requirements for a program I want to get into, it'll say "1.5 FCE from" or "0.5 FCE from" and then list a bunch of courses that you can select from for the program. However, one of them says "1.5 FCE SMC courses as designated by the program" and then also lists a bunch of courses under that as well, just like the other ones. What does the phrase "courses as designated by the program" mean?   Does this mean these courses are different, or the program requires you to take specific courses within this list of courses? Or are the courses listed under this just like the other list of courses on the requirements page?
0.0 |  Deep inside the st. Mike's jungle you can hear the froshies rumble WHO HAH, WHO HAH 
0.059 |  Part-time students with OSAP: when does the registration for September 2017 open? so i graduated from u of t last year, but am continuing with part-time studies in an effort to raise my gpa. i still haven't received confirmation of my enrolment (thank you smc registrar, for your friendly + efficient service....), but wanted to register for osap. unfortunately the osap [application website](https://osap.gov.on.ca/StudentProfileSFAWeb/secured/sfa/select_year_app.xhtml) keeps telling me part-time applications for this september will open summer 2017. whining "but it IS summer 2017" at my laptop doesn't seem to help. i can't call osap to ask because i'm in the middle east for the summer, which is why i've been relying on emailed replies but the bureaucratic process is taking way too long.  help me!!!! pls!!!!!
