0.0 |  Foundation Programs - The Trinity One Streams I’m applying to the Trinity One program. I want to major in political science so which of the streams would be best for me to take?
0.0 |  Got accepted into Trinity. Need advice (pls). the I’m an international student coming from the UK. I applied to Trinity because I heard it was the most academic college out of all of them. But looking more into it now, I’ve heard that it’s apparently not got a social vibe and has loads of uppity people in it.   I don’t think I’m like that at all. I like to go out and meet new people.   Would love to talk someone who knows a lot about the College or ideally someone who is there currently.   Thanks 🤞
0.0 |  I applied to Trinity College not knowing anything about it. I got accepted. I’m very social and dissimilar to the description of Trinity students who are apparently pretentious. Am I gonna like it? [removed]
0.0 |  are there microwaves in trinity res? Are there any microwaves in or near whitaker? That's about it
0.0 |  Hi, I am going to uoft from this september, and I wanted some information about the Ones program. Hi, I am going to uoft from this september, and I wanted some information about the Ones program. The application for Trinity One, Victoria One, and Munk One, is due this month. I want to go to law school after my undergraduate education. Will it be beneficial for my studies/ career? Do you recommend joining the Ones program?  Thank you so much for your help! : )
0.074 |  Single room at Trinity College So I recently submitted my starrez application but I wasn’t asked for my room preference (single or double) I really really do not want to share my room is there some way I can guarantee a single room or Atleast have higher chances at it?
0.0 |  Single Residence at Trinity [removed]
0.125 |  How is Life at trinity college I got into trinity college, and now that I research the dorm and student life there, iam not sure if I’ll like it. The rooms seem outdated and low-key ugly and I’ve heard it’s not as well facilitated either, is that true!? If so can I ever transfer?
0.099 |  What do you think about the survivability of UofT CS? Hey everyone! I'm considering committing to UTSG CS in Trinity College, but as someone who lives in the US, I know it'll be a big change. (Also I want to switch to Woodsworth lol the dorms look so nice, not totally sure how but I might ask them)  I see a lot of anger on this sub, mostly about how much UofT sucks. From my research, it seems to be a mix of hard curriculum and bad faculty, but can anyone comment on their general experiences in CS, specifically on the helpfulness of the faculty and your freshman year experiences? Social life would be nice too, but I'm mostly concerned about the academic aspect. I want to visit UofT soon to vibe check it myself, but it's far so it'll be a while.   Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  International Scholars Award - how many people typically receive it? Hello! I was admitted recently to UTSG and UTSC, and was happy to hear I received the International Scholars Award and a scholarship to Trinity College. I'm curious about how common this award is since I couldn't find any results on the net about this!
0.0 |  Pages and group chats for incoming students Hi everyone! I was recently admitted to St George for comp sci (trinity college). I was wondering about insta pages like @uoft.classof2027 or gcs like the 2026 one on Patio. Are there any other socials where I can meet incoming students?
0.0 |  Which one? UBCv or Trinity at UTSG? Which university is better for life science undergraduate programs if my end goal is med school? Main priority is high gpa. I got accepted to both and I have to decide where to go.
0.107 |  Confused about entrance scholarships Hey all! I was admitted to UTSG (A&amp;S - Trinity College) yesterday through 105. For context, I have a 45/45 predicted grade in IB (the only full mark from our school in years) and decent extracurriculars (300+ hours of volunteering). However, I received no scholarships. No automatic ones, no major ones, absolutely none. I wouldn't normally be bothered by this, but several friends who applied to the same faculty as me got thousands with marks below 39 and no out-of-this-world extracurriculars.   I even specifically mentioned in the award profile I may need more support because of my special circumstance (chronic health condition and higher insurance) and low family income. My friends didn't bother to fill it out! This confuses me, and calling the admissions office was no help.  Getting full marks in IB and juggling that many extracurriculars was incredibly difficult (especially with my condition), and not receiving any recognition from my dream school for it sucks. :(    In addition, I have to maintain a higher academic standing and perform much better in the exams than my friends who did get the money! Did any other 105 applicants who got into CS receive entrance scholarships? I don't know how I can even begin to appeal this decision.
0.0 |  Can I attend orientation as a second-year transfer student? Hey fellas i am transferring here so it’d be my first year at uoft but not my first year as a university student… does this disqualify me from attending orientation? (I am in trin if that affects anything)
0.0 |  Anyone want to give us a tour of their residence? My friend and I currently live on campus and we want to see what every UofT residence looks like! If you live at any of the following residences and would like to show us (two girls) around, we’d really appreciate it :)  In exchange, we’ll give you your choice of: (1) homemade cookies (no weed) (2) a pink preroll (rolled by us) (3) five hits of a sakura grape elfbar (4) two new friends :D  – Chestnut – Chelsea – St. Hilda’s – Trinity – Woodsworth – New – Victoria (any) – UC (any) – St. Mike’s (any) – Innis  BONUS: Campus One, Tartu
0.0 |  what is the construction going on behind Trinity? I saw a lot of construction between Trinity and the football stadium today.... anyone know what they're planning to do?
0.0 |  Which UOFT college is best to raise my admission chances? Hi,  I'm applying to Rotmans and would like to know which of the 7 colleges is easiest to get into? I'm looking to increase my admission chances as much as possible.  The colleges are Innis, St. Micheals, University, Victoria, New College, Trinity &amp; Woodsworth.  thanks
0.025 |  Which college is best for a social science student? I'm a prospective first year and I have to list down my college preferences for the application... I'd be living in residence and choosing based on location (close to social science lectures), food options (I'm a vegetarian), community (good social scene), and facilities (prefer a spacious bedroom and a private/shared bathroom instead of a communal one). Right now my choices are vic, new college, university college, and trinity in no particular order.
0.028 |  Desperate for admissions advice- please help! Chances of Getting In and How To Improve That Chance  Hi!  I’m interested in applying for UTSG for the arts program and hopefully get into Trinity or Victoria.  I need some advice on my marks though.  In highschool I took 2 4U/M courses and 1 alternative education course each semester because of some mental health stuff.   So my Grade 12 looked like this:  English 93 Visual Arts 93 95  Business Leadership 95  Then 2 Grade 10 Alternative Education Class    A year later, I took 2 classes one after another in adult high school. Added: Data 94 International Business 68 (Wasn’t feeling great when I took this course)  Another year later, I retook the International Business. It became: International Business 93  I’ve been doing things other than highschool courses and know that supplementary things count on the application but I just want to focus on the grades in this post.   So here I am 2.5 years out of highschool but I don’t know if the school will accept me because of the 68 since I heard they don’t like repeats.  I plan to explain why I did poorly in the special consideration form.  I’m also considered that they won’t think I can handle the school because I took maximum 2 4U/M at a time.  I am in a much better place so I know I can now though.  Should I put that in the special consideration form that I had mental health issues so I had to space it out?  Or would that make it worse?  If I take another 4U/M course, get a good mark and replace International Business in my Top 6, will it help?  My mom went to Trinity so I’m kind of interested in applying.  I think it will give me an advantage because of my mom but I don’t know if they will even consider me because of my previous concerns listed.  Do you think I should even bother?  I heard the admission requirement is a 98 in Trinity but I’m not sure about Victoria.   Thank you for reading and any advice would be greatly appreciated!
0.011 |  Chances of Getting In and How To Improve That Chance Hi!  I’m interested in applying for UTSG for the arts program and hopefully get into Trinity or Victoria.  I need some advice on my marks though.  In highschool I took 2 4U/M courses and 1 alternative education course each semester because of some mental health stuff.   So my Grade 12 looked like this:  English 93 Visual Arts 93 95  Business Leadership 95  Then 2 Grade 10 Alternative Education Class    A year later, I took 2 classes one after another in adult high school. Added: Data 94 International Business 68 (Wasn’t feeling great when I took this course)  Another year later, I retook the International Business. It became: International Business 93  I’ve been doing things other than highschool courses and know that supplementary things count on the application but I just want to focus on the grades in this post.   So here I am 2.5 years out of highschool but I don’t know if the school will accept me because of the 68 since I heard they don’t like repeats.  I plan to explain why I did poorly in the special consideration form.  I’m also considered that they won’t think I can handle the school because I took maximum 2 4U/M at a time.  I am in a much better place so I know I can now though.  Should I put that in the special consideration form that I had mental health issues so I had to space it out?  Or would that make it worse?  If I take another 4U/M course, get a good mark and replace International Business in my Top 6, will it help?  My mom went to Trinity so I’m kind of interested in applying.  I think it will give me an advantage because of my mom but I don’t know if they will even consider me because of my previous concerns listed.    Thank you for reading and any advice would be greatly appreciated!
0.0 |  Can I write about the same thing for Trinity's SAF and the SG SAF? [removed]
0.0 |  I was highly interested in Trinity saint ball but decided to study this week again 🥹 Can anyone share the experience? 50 char 60 char 70 char
0.061 |  Mandatory Seminar Courses? Another annoying grade 12 here. I will finally be able to apply this week!   I was just wondering if taking a seminar course from the college you get into is required? I think it is mandatory for Victoria college? Is it just Victoria or would it be the same for every college?  One more thing, how good should your grades and ecs be to bother with applying to Trinity or Victoria? Thanks.
0.04 |  Applying to Trinity with family ties? I'm a twelfth grade student interested in attending U of T. I've selected Trinity as my first choice of college, mainly because my uncle was a part of Trinity in the 1980s and loved it. A few people have said that familial ties can affect a student's acceptance, though I'm not sure if this is true. And if it is, would an uncle be too distant a relative to have any influence? If it requires him writing something, then it's no go, as he passed away in 2019.
0.0 |  anyone know what they are filming in front of trin college? A lot of vintage cars and white people in front of trin with cameras. Anyone know what movie or show is being filmed?
0.091 |  Supplemental Application I am currently finishing up my UTSG CS supplemental application and I realized that the Trinity College questions are very similar, if not the same. Would reusing the same answers be a bad idea?
0.03 |  Similar Supplemental Application Questions So I applied to UTSG CS and for my UOFT college choices I choose Trinity College as my #1 pick.  I finished doing the UTSG CS questions, however the Trinity questions are very similar. (They both require to answer 4 short answer questions).   Both ask to describe a personal goal, and what I did when I saw or experienced discrimination or unfairness.  Can I write very similar answers to both questions on my CS and Trinity application (eg. the same story and problem I faced)?
0.058 |  Trinity College Supplementary Hi everybody, I wanted to know if it was worth doing the Trinity College supplementary or not. I have a lot of other stuff to do, so I'm not sure if I want to fit it in to my schedule or not. Does the college choice make a huge impact if I don't live on campus? Does the importance of each college depend on program (if so, I'm applying for computer science). Sorry if you guys get this a lot, I'm just really confused about the colleges in general. Thanks in advance.
0.0 |  Switching colleges at uoft? Do uk if u r able to switch colleges at uoft st.george campus such as switch from trinity college to victoria college?
0.0 |  uoft scholarships question for St.George, do they give our scholarships yearly if u get above a certain average, let’s say like a 4.0 GPA? Or does it depend on what college ur apart of like new college, trinity, victoria, etc?
0.039 |  College enrolment necessary if not living on residence? Hi so basically I missed the trinity profile submission day and I was wondering if you need to be enrolled in a college to attend u of t if you’re a commuter(applied for rotman commerce). Also if you have to is it possible to write a profile for my next college choice or are second and third choices considered without a profile submission?
0.0 |  Just Accepted to FAS, but the system seems glitched. Both my UofT general admission letter and website say I got membership to Trinity College, but I can't log in to Star Res, and when I click "View your Trinity Admission Letter" it gives me the message below.... What is going on lol? Anyone have any tips?   &amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/9556fnh6kee41.png?width=581&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=470a6da5466bd148b7b8e557d43f238e3ba21eca  https://preview.redd.it/m3k5l131kee41.png?width=731&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=6169f51936f770549ae7bb9d3add55677e6647b3  https://preview.redd.it/5qxt8xv1kee41.png?width=633&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7f0d3cecd9b910ba62421f4cfc1a36f6c7f9cc24
0.0 |  Trinity IB Average? [deleted]
0.045 |  Admitted to trinity college without completing supplementary application I got admitted to uoft an in trinity colleges. However I didnt even do the essay in the supplementary application which is weird. Has this happened to anybody?
0.0 |  Who was the student body president of Trinity College in Spring 2019? [deleted]
0.0 |  Summer School: UofT or UBC? I'm an undergrad law student in England and a Canadian citizen who has not been in Canada for a very very long time. I'm thinking about going to UofT/UBC this summer as a visiting student.  I'm trying to make my decision along the lines of living costs, student experience (particularly in the summer since most regular students would be away), climate, and access to part-time work. Prestige and nightlife/urban environment aren't priorities.  I'm leaning towards UofT right now but it would be great if anyone has some insight particularly in respect of how things are in the summer session and which campus to choose (when I applied to UofT back then I chose Trinity). Would campus affect the choices that I have for courses?
0.025 |  UoT Trinity Hi, I made this account simply to ask a question  So the deadline for Trinity College application itself has passed- in what way will that affect me? Will that prevent me from getting accepted in UoT entirely? I can't lie once I saw the application process I wasn't entirely motivated, I did it but never finished. But now that the deadline is passed what does that mean for me?
0.018 |  Graduation Photos: Are they worth it? "You must have your photo taken to appear in the official 2020 Graduating Class Composite. Included in your $16.95 sitting fee ($15 + HST) are 8 unique digital proofs and an 11x14 copy of the class composite. Hard copy proofs may be purchased for an additional $8.05 ($7.12 + HST) if desired." - Trinity College  What is the Graduating Class Composite? What are your experiences and thoughts about this?
0.0 |  I am emailing the registrar of Trinity College, who should I address? I am writing an email to the registrar of Trinity College and after research, I found that there is a registrar, associate registrar, and assistant registrars. All share the same email, who should I address? Or should I address the collective as “Registrar Team” or something else? I appreciate any help I can get, thank you!!
0.06 |  UofT St George College Residence Choices Hi! I was accepted for LifeSci in Victoria College and want to major/specialise in psych hopefully... but after more research realised most rooms are double rooms and not single rooms.   Would it be possible for me to switch colleges to maybe Trinity (where most dorms are single)? Or elsewhere? I’d love if my residence was close to the classes I’d be taking.   The college picking process is seriously stressful because I’m an international student so I can’t go and visit the residences.   Thanks for any help!
0.0 |  Which college do I apply to American student applying for life sciences  I’ve heard new College was good for life sciences and close to the classes  I’ve also heard that Trinity was prestigious   University college is apparently close to a lot of classes, and Vic has nice people  I won’t lie: prestige sounds nice, but I want a social life and I don’t want to walk through 20 minutes of snow across campus.   Which should I apply to?
0.087 |  For Rotman Commerce, which college is the best to put as first choice? Out of innis, St michaels, university, Victoria, New, Trinity and Woodsworth, could someone give me a comprehensive rankings list from best to worst?
0.068 |  College choice Im applying to UofT st George and im required to pick a college it's very hard ti find information about any so if i can get advice on which one to pick it would be appreciated. Ranking your top 3 picks in order would be nice aswell.  P.S. i will be living on campus and studying life science and is trinity as bad as they say?
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.077 |  UofT CS Decision Release Date? Hello,   I am applying to UToronto CS and I have just submitted my CS Supplemental application. I've realized that November 15 was the 'early consideration' due date and February 1 is the final due date.  I have some questions: What did I lose by missing the early deadline? (Could I be disadvantaged in my acceptance and possible scholarship perks? (i'm an intl student)) Also when should I expect to hear back from the university?   Also do the same people read the supplementals for the colleges (Vic, Trinity, etc.)  and supplementals for CS? Cos I recycled them lol.
0.216 |  Do I report the guys in trin talking about sexually assaulting people? [deleted]
0.015 |  Question about switching colleges when applying. So I have applied for a program at u of t sg and when picking the colleges I picked trinity for the first choice because people were telling me how it is more prestigious and stuff (Idk if it's true). But now I feel like i want to switch to Woodsworth college. Is there any way I can switch it or will I have to stick with trinity?
0.0 |  Which college has the most well rounded library? I was recently browsing through Kelly Library, and was amazed at the diverse array of books they have, ranging from poetry to calculus and everything in between! I thought most of the books would be mainly focused around Religion and Theology (Since St.Mikes is known for that type of thing).   Many other college libraries seem to specialize only in a few subjects (like Trin's John W. Graham Library has an influx of political and Canadian themed books). I was wondering, which college has the most well rounded library?
0.0 |  Housing in the downtown area Hi,  A friend of mine and I will be moving to Downtown Toronto for our coop terms in Jan and we have found a place north of Trinity Belwoods Area - Does anyone know anything about the area, like safety, traffic, accessibility, living costs etc.  Any piece of information will be helpful.  Also if $1050 per month a fair price for this area?
0.015 |  What qualifies as “extenuating circumstances” for leaving residence? I’m a first year trinity student who has been staying in residence, however my mental health has taken a serious turn and I’m strongly considering moving back home and commuting to classes instead. I’ve been trying it out for a week and so far I have been doing much better as I am not as isolated at home and being around my family helps me to maintain more healthy routines.  I was looking into the possibility of a refund upon leaving residence and it says that if you leave before the deadline you will be refunded except for an early move-out fee of $2500, and “requests (based on extenuating circumstances) for exceptions to these policy stipulations may be presented to the Dean of Students for consideration.” Would my situation qualify as an extenuating circumstance since it is health related? Has anyone been in a similar situation?
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.0 |  Maybe I should go to trinity college... To gather all the salt to melt the ice.
0.0 |  Physics Student College Choice - Trin or Vic??? [deleted]
0.0 |  Urgent questions for application! USA high school Applicant on international application - I am applying to the st. George Campus and trinity college where I hope to study international relations. For undergrad, are there any supplemental essays? Or is the only thing I need to submit the ouac application?   Also, I am required to submit the SAT with essay, but I’m not taking the essay until December. Would it work for me to submit me the application and then send the sat essay score in a month and a half ?   Thanks all!
0.0 |  Can American Applicants get into Trinity College? [deleted]
0.115 |  eewaht the fook am i supposed to write for the "respond to this image" for trinity college? [https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b0/7e/ac/b07eac39f71f0d3c4f764ff789f08899.jpg](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b0/7e/ac/b07eac39f71f0d3c4f764ff789f08899.jpg)  I'm so confused? What do they want us to say?
0.0 |  Trinity vs New vs Woodsworth Trying to rank my colleges. How do they compare in terms of social life, food, how nice the residence is, and distance to life sci buildings? Thanks my dudes
0.019 |  Trinity Students: Questions about dining Hall So the Trin website says that the servery is open IN-BETWEEN meal times with options such as beverages, fruit, salad bar, etc. If we want to go in to get these things, do we still have to swipe our T-card and pay even if it's not a meal? What about on the weekends for people who have 5-day meal plans? Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Trinity vs Victoria? 
0.118 |  Applying to Trinity College Is it difficult to get accepted into Trinity College as an international student? I heard that the college is more exclusive and don't accept anyone non-Canadian, is that true?
0.033 |  Best colleges for polisci/international relations? Hi, I'm in the beginning of my gap year, aspiring to go to UofT next year for political science or international relations (currently undecided)  Starting my applications, and a little bit overwhelmed by the colleges available for the St. Georges campus, and I was wondering what would be the best.  I know Trinity is my first choice, definitely seems like a good fit for me, and their Ethics, Society, and Law program is my dream major, but I'm not sure for my second and third choice. Honestly, nothing looks as appealing to me.  I definitely need to be serious about my alternative choices, for even though I was a good student in high school, I only have a late 80 average, but I also did a lot of extracurriculars/volunteering/job experience/etc.  So does anyone have any recommendations? Or know which would be the best other than trin for a polisci/international relations degree? Also, is it possible to transfer colleges after your first year? TIA
0.037 |  All Call to Rugby Players I am a transfer student coming in hot to UTSG, and I am a member of Trinity College. I'm looking for extracurricular activities to partake in, as well as stay fit and healthy with a exercise routine. While I am no varsity athlete, I still want to enjoy the feeling of getting on the pitch. From my research, UofT offers intramural rugby, however, I can not find any info. If the intramural rugby program has been cancelled, I would be delighted if someone let me know. If not, who wants to join my team?
0.101 |  a very original post - U of T or Mcgill Hi everyone, this is super late and probably annoying but I desperately need help. I've been accepted to arts at both McGill and U of T. Through a lot of weaselling, I have managed to delay my choice until the literal last minute. Ok, here are the details. I am from BC, and Ive just finished my gap year. I would be studying either literature, anthropology, political sci, or classics at either place. Im not super sure which yet.   The pros, for me, of Mcgill are as follows: -Beautiful Campus, awesome city with lots of green space   \- My dad is from the area, so I have family around Montreal/ the south shore  \- My best friends both go to Mcgill, they're entering second year (could be a con depending on how you look at it)  \-Cheaper. With the exception of first year, it would cost a lot less to live in Montreal for 4 years.   \- Mayeb better for my mental health, as there is an existing support system there and I greatly fear the transition to university.  cons:  \- less communal seeming than u of t (no colleges) so maybe more anonymous?  \- I worry about getting locked into the same social seen from high school.   \- I'm not hyped about the school.  U of T pros:  \- I would be a part of Trinity college, and the Vic one frye stream. This seems like the sort of decent oxfordian lifestyle that could be awesome.   \-Seems to have better programs? I'm not totally sure because rankings are subjective   \- Chance to totally reinvent myself   Cons:  \- Super expensive to live in Toronto, I don't know how anyone affords it on a student budget.  \-I don't know anyone in the province of Ontario   \-I don't know Toronto well, but I don't know if I love it.   \-I've heard pretty nasty rumours about the undergrad experience there (ie: mentally devastating, impersonal, hardcore)  Basically Toronto seems like a more high risk, possibly high reward scenario whereas Montreal might be safer. Pls help
0.0 |  trinity who 
0.078 |  Trin Residence Has anyone gotten an email back from their trinity room assignment with info about their roommate. I sent one in July and still no reply.
0.072 |  Trinity College Residence Waitlisted...😭 Freshman at Trinity. I didn’t fill out my application till June 20th, as a result I was placed on the waitlist. I’ve been emailing the office of the Dean of Students quite a bit but still heard nothing from them. I asked about where I’m on the waitlist+how many people they accepted past deadline last year, instead they’ve just been telling me to find alternatives right now. I understand that they cannot take care of everyone cuz there is a lot of peeps in line, but I‘m panicking w/o even knowing the approximations. How likely is it that I will eventually get accepted, maybe in September or October? Is there anyway to up my rank on the waitlist?
0.158 |  Which organizations should I opt my fees out of, based on the org being objectively bad? As the title says, looking for anyone's input on which organizations are not worth supporting due to their lack of relevance or any rumoured shady behaviour behind them.  I simply do not want to support the orgs that dont deserve it; this isn't about being stingy.     Edit: I am an incoming CS student, attending Trinity college if that changes anything
0.0 |  Trinity Registrar's Office Hours Will the registrar's office be open tomorrow, August 5, on Civic Holiday?
0.051 |  SMC198: How to Study Video Games (???) First post here! This course sounds too good to be true but I’m also a little lost as to what to expect. I did some background research on this course and it looks like a new course being offered this fall. I have several questions at the bottom of the this post and I would be grateful if I can get some insight from this subreddit. Here’s some information on the course:  Course Description: Games and play are a fundamental part of human society, and today digital games occupy a central place in popular culture, media industries, and the imaginations of players around the world. This seminar introduces students to the growing academic field of game studies, with an emphasis on close analysis of specific games as cultural objects. Through lectures, discussions, and in-class play sessions, students will build a critical vocabulary and toolbox of techniques for understanding the unique formal, aesthetic, narrative, and thematic properties of games in a variety of platforms and genres, and develop basic academic reading, writing, and research skills. No previous experience or expertise with video games is required to take this course. Restricted to first-year students. Not eligible for CR/NCR option.  Exclusion: Other first year foundations or College Ones courses  Distribution Requirement: Humanities  Breadth Requirement: Creative and Cultural Representations (1)  Professor: Felan Parker  Class size: 30 (full, no waitlist for this course)    Now, here are some questions and concerns I have:  1. This is a First-Year Foundations course, so does this course have an exam?  2. I’m a girl that’s quite new/casual to gaming, is it likely that a lot of my classmates will be a lot more experienced than me in terms of gaming knowledge? Could I possibly be starting at an disadvantage?  3. This is a SMC (not One) First Year Foundations course, can I take a TRN (not One, doesn’t mention it’s a First Year Foundations) course as well? (I’m in trin btw)  4. Is anyone else taking this course? Feel free to message me or comment! :)    Thank you all for reading this and please comment with answers to my questions or anything else I should know!
0.0 |  Can I enroll in a St. Michaels course (SMC-xxx), while not being a member of St. Michael's? Interested in taking an SMC course (SMC198H1F).  The priority enrolment for it just says first year. In comparison, a Trinity course that I also want to do has priority enrolment to first year students as well as Trinity students. What I'm seeing is that some college courses are open to everyone, which would include the SMC course I'm interested in??????
0.022 |  Question for those who live in Trinity College So residence offers came out and I was assigned to a Triple room in Trin-Macklem (room number starts with 2, so second floor?) in Trinity College. As I have no idea what the rooms look like, I was wondering if anyone who have lived in the same area could give me a quick breakdown of what it's like? How's the heating, the room size, windows, experience with living with two other people, the people at Trinity in general, etc.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Course enrolment advice (first year humanities) Hello, a first year humanities student here and course enrolment opens up for me on Thursday 9:15am. I’ve read that for some people course enrolment opens up way earlier. So just to confirm, does everyone have different timings? And I want to take the seminar courses trn199 (fall) and vic109 (winter) and I’m not enrolled in either Vic or Trinity one. So I can’t enrol until after Aug 2nd. Do I have a chance in enrolling in these courses before they fill up? And should I enrol in 2 other (backup) courses (worth 1 credit) when course enrolment opens just incase I don’t get in them?
0.029 |  What courses should I take as a first year looking to pursue psychology So I thought I had a good idea of what courses I should take but I kind of got overwhelmed the past few days and now I’m just in a state of indecisiveness over what courses would be good to enrol in. What would you guys recommend to set myself up properly for a psych major or specialist program  in the future.  I’m also in the trinity one biomedical program so I have a few spots in my time table filled already.
0.0 |  Opinion on TRN19x courses I just wonder if anyone has taken a trin seminar course (TRN191-199) or any seminar course and how was it?
0.102 |  The truth about Trinity So I'm an incoming first-year student and I've been accepted to Trinity College. Sadly, I didn't do my homework before indicating Trin as my first choice college -- in my defence, the decision between Trinity and Victoria was entirely arbitrary and I didn't expect to end up at UofT, to be completely honest -- and now I'm seriously worried after reading about all the weird traditions at the college and its bad rap. I just want to know if this is true. Are most Trin people really elitist and snobbish? Will I have this stigma attached to me from day 1 even if I'm not elitist in any way? Does the ambiance of the college make people uncomfortable?  Also, I opted out of Trin Orientation (because I'm a hermit haha) but will I still be able to go to the Matriculation Convocation if I want to? And is the residence really that terrible?  Please help a confused first-year out.  Thanks in advance.
0.024 |  Qs for Trinity's Residence Hello friends! I have just received a notification of getting a Double room at Trin's Seager house.  &amp;#x200B;  I wonder, are the room clean?  Does the room have good lighting? (for instance, having windows that can be opened for fresh air and sunlight)   &amp;#x200B;  I am anxious because I can hardly find any relevant info on the official website.   &amp;#x200B;  Thank you all very much for your attention and advice!
0.027 |  What kind of incidental fees do you guys opt out? Edit: sorry for the horrible formatting, I'm on mobile.  Hello guys! I'm currently looking at ACORN right now and there's a series of optional incidental fees that you can "opt out". A few of them are quite significant, so I want to ask whether they are necessary. (I will be in first-year Life Sci and commuting, if that matters.)  1. Orientation Fee ($175) (from Trin if that matters) From my understanding, it's for the orientation week before school officially start. Do I have to pay the fee to attend the events? If so, is it worth it?   2. UTSU Health &amp; Dental Plan ($85+$102) In my case, I am covered by the health and dental insurance plan from the company which my mother works at. Do I still need to purchase these plans?  3. Strachan Hall Meal Package ($50) It says 20 meals which sounds like a good deal, but can anyone tell me how it works and is it worth it?  4. For the little things like different programs and club fundings, what are the consequences for opting out those incidental fees? Like will I not be able to join a certain club or use a certain service if I don't pay?  Thank you in advance for any answers. I'm not financially struggling or anything, but I want to know what I'm paying for and manage my finances accordingly. Thanks again!
0.0 |  When are entrance scholarships awarded? I've been admitted into life sci at St. George and accepted a while back. I'm wondering when entrance scholarships are awarded to students? Like, when will I know what scholarships I've received? I assumed it would be after my marks were sent to the campus. I got one a while ago from Trinity college directly (sometime in May I believe) but radio silence from uoft. Anyone here know anything about this? Any answers are greatly appreciated. Thank you &lt;3
0.035 |  Trin One vs Munk One Anyone here who did Trin One or Munk One and can tell me more about it? Confused as to which one I should go for. I’m going into first-year Life Sci and Trin One is more convenient ( 2 FCEs spread over 2 years) and relevant (Biomed stream). Munk One is appealing too as I am passionate about tackling real-world issues and innovation.
0.0 |  Hello! As a first-year life sci student, I’m debating between Trin One (Biomed stream) and Munk One. Has anyone taken these streams and can tell me more about them? Thank you. Foundational Ones Program: Trin vs Munk
0.051 |  Housing waitlist for freshmen First yr eng sci student.  I got my trinity college offer back in May, I completed all the application forms but the only thing I forgot was to actually accept the offer.   I sent an email to the office and they said that I was already guaranteed a spot, but they were not sure about my attitude and I was then put on the waitlist.  Do I still hold the guaranteed spot as an engineering student? Am not sure if there is a way to correct this.
0.0 |  Qs for Trinity One's foundation program Hey everyone! I wonder what is it like to be a student in **TRN171Y1, or TRN172Y1?** Are the profs nice? How do people stay on top of their prof's pace?   Thank you folks very much in advance!!!!!
0.0 |  Pros and Cons of CS FLC I received an email from the Trinity College Registrar regarding the CS FLC. Hoping to get some insight from you guys about the pros and cons of applying to it. Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Questions for second and upper year life science students Hello! I am going into my first year (life sciences) and had a few questions (would really appreciate any input): (1) I am planning to double major in Economics and Neuroscience. What were the grade boundaries for these programs (preferably last year/recently)?  (2) I am debating between Vic One(Pearson), Munk One and Trin One(Biomed). Can anyone tell me if these One programs are worth it (I already have a packed schedule)? (3) I am planning to take physics over the summer, do med schools (esp. U of T med) look down on or not consider  summer courses? (4) If I take some first-year required courses (like microbio or stat) for med schools in upper years, will they look down on it? Thanks for your help!
0.043 |  The One Programs...can I accept an offer and then drop it later to accept another offer? I had been accepted to Vic One Chamber stream and waitlisted for Trin One Ethics Society and Law, which was my top choice. The acceptance deadline for Vic One was before the waitlist cleared for Trin One so I accepted the Vic One offer. Now I have an offer for Trin One E S &amp; L. Can I drop the Vic One and accept my Trin One offer?
0.0 |  Question from a new student (Trinity One) [deleted]
0.0 |  Trinity One Biomedical Health Stream Questions I'm currently in grade 12 and will be heading to U of T next year to study life sciences. I am considering the Trinity One Biomedical Health Stream but I have a few questions I'm hoping you all can help me with.  First, does it provide an interesting education? Did you or anyone you know enjoy the course content?  Second, how is the rigour and grading?  Third, I have heard that it may offer networking opportunities/chances to make friends--is this really the case?  Thank you so much for anything you have to say about the Trinity One Biomedical Health Stream!
0.013 |  Vic One or Trin One? Hello, I am about to enter U of T in the faculty of Social Sciences. I was just accepted to the Pearson stream of Vic One, and the Ethics, Society, and Law stream of Trin One. I'd like to decide between the two, but I am unsure about certain specifics of them. I'd like to major in Political Science, and potentially double major in Computer Science as well, but I'd settle for a minor in Com Sci. I have a few questions, and I would be very thankful if you could answer any one of them:  1) What are the major differences between "Trin One Ethics, Society, and Law" and "Vic One Pearson?" (courses, teaching style, workload, subject, etc)  2) How many FCE's does Trin One require, and how many FCE's does Vic One require?  3) Would taking any of these two "One" programs prevent me from either getting a Political Science/Computer Science double major, and would taking any of these two "One" programs prevent me from minoring in Com Sci?
0.043 |  Incoming Student: Making Payments I'm attending Rotman in September and the last day to accept an offer is June 3. I've already accepted my Rotman offer but I cannot find the link/portal to pay for any deposits/fees. I know there must be some kinda payment I have to make before June 3 but Acorn isn't giving me anything and I can't find any instructions in my admissions letter, JOIN portal, Student Housing Portal, or any emails.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, I will be living in res at Trinity, but I haven't gotten a residence offer either. I've ranked my residences on MyRes but June 3 is fast approaching yet I haven't gotten any notifications. I heard that I must make a payment before June 3 to have guaranteed residency so I'm super anxious right now.  &amp;#x200B;  Any help is appreciated. Looking forward to September with you all!
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.066 |  UofT vs Mac for Life Science Hi! I know many people have asked this question, but I just want to get a up-to-date insight about both school.  So I got accepted to both UofT and Mac for Life Sci (got rejected from Health Sci ofc). My goal is med school (like everyone else), but in case I don't get in I have came up with a few alternatives too, like dent, grad school, or even switch to another program midway if I turn out really don't like Life Sci.  I have heard of many horror stories of UofT and I was determined to go to Mac, but recently I'm also seeing people getting good marks and say that it's not that difficult. I know that Mac has a relatively small population, but they have around 1000 Life Sci students too (compared to UofT of 1600 I don't think there is much of a difference?)  I have listed some of the pros and cons that I'm considering for UofT:  Pro:  \- I live in Vaughan so UofT is like 1 hour commute (saves the cost of res)  \- I like the campus and how it's in the middle of Toronto and I feel there is going to be more opportunities for research and volunteering etc.  \- Better reputation/pretentiousness?? (I know that Canadian med school don't care, but if I am also aiming for med schools in the US/UK, I feel like UofT is more well-known internationally?)  \- More programs to choose from in case I decided to switch?  Con:  \- umm... hard? I know that Life Sci at both UofT and Mac are hard programs, and that those who succeeds in one will probably have done the same in the other, but it just seems not right that there is so many people complaining about UofT Life Sci and telling everyone to go to Mac/Western/etc  \- more competitive (but Mac Life Sci is probably competitive too since they both accept high schoolers around the same average)  &amp;#x200B;  I know that no one here has attended both schools, so I don't expect a comparison between the two programs. But if you are in one of the program or know someone in either of the two, please share your experiences :)  ps. Trinity One (the Anne Steacy Biomedical Health Stream), is it worth it for Life Sci students? and is it too late to apply for it now? (I was almost certain that I was going to Mac so I didn't really bother, but now that I'm leaning towards UofT I want to give it a shot if I can)  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks in advance! no trolls pls pls pls Dx
0.0 |  Questions about IR and Trin One A couple months back I got accepted into social sciences at trinity college. Having accepted that offer already, I was curious about Trinity One and how it might benefit my overall experience (in terms of academics, internship connections and social life).  I was recently accepted into Trinity College’s IR stream through their foundational One program. Simply put, what is the benefit to Trin One and is IR a respectable program in general?   My end goal is to attend grad school, more specifically, law school.  Oh and also, is a specialist major better than a double major? If not, what is a good (and versatile) major to study alongside IR?  Thanks!
0.022 |  Looking to buy convocation tickets from someone in Innis or Trinity I'm graduating the morning of June 11th. I'm in Innis, but Trinity is graduating at the same time. My grandparents are very eager to see me do the whole "walk across the stage and get a diploma" bit, but I couldn't request enough extra tickets to include all of them (and the ones I did request aren't a guarantee anyways). Is there anyone here graduating at the same time who can help me out? I'm more than willing to compensate!
0.059 |  UofT vs. McGill Hello everyone! I know this question gets asked a lot in here and at Mcgill's, but hear me out. I got accepted into UofT for an art major and I also got accepted into McGill but for a major that I ended up not being really in love with, so I have to make a decision between the two.  In my opinion, both seem like pretty good schools but there are certain factors that are making me reconsider my decisions, so I am gonna put them in below:  &amp;#x200B;  **McGill University**  Pros  1. **Everything is more affordable**    1. Tuition in McGill, in my case, is three times cheaper than in UofT for the same major       1. If the education is pretty much the same or better at McGill, then I consider that price a bargain in comparison to UofT. You are basically paying for the same or better prestige, education, and school for a bit less than 1/4 of UofT price.       2. The highest price you can get for tuition at McGill is around $45k.    2. Residence is way cheaper and more spacious than at UofT. I did not apply for residence, but I found out that the dorms more spacious and 4k - 10k lower than UofT. This makes UofT residences seem like a joke. If I could go back again, I would have checked the box for interest in housing option.    3. Housing off-campus is also very cheap. I read someone say that they paid $700/month for a place in Montreal. 2. McGill is very known for being **culturally diverse** and having a very heterogenous international population, which to me seems a really good opportunity to meet people from around the world. 3. Montreal is considered to be a **laid-back, artsy, and European style city.** It is not as fast-paced as the city of Toronto, so I think I will feel less pressure living there. 4. **Admission is more selective**, therefore the alumni must be consisting of academically successful individuals who are intellectual and ambitious at the same time. 5. Montreal is well known for the **social scene and night life** (though not important to me).  Cons  1. McGill is placed at a **lower position than UofT in terms of prestige** (based of top lists). It is the top 2nd in Canada and top 33rd in the world. 2. It is apparently more difficult to find a job if you do not **speak French**. 3. I chose a major that I ended up not liking at McGill. I see that I have the option of transferring from one faculty to the other, but the problem is that I have to **wait until the end of my first year to actually apply for transfer**. I am afraid that I am going to waste a year studying something I do not enjoy and may repeat my first year on my second year due to lack of credits. If I am wrong with this information, please correct me. 4. A lot of **people smoking everywhere**. I am not a fan of it. 5. Some people claim that Montreal can be racist or discriminating, especially to non-French speakers or non-caucasians. 6. Less options. There might be less options for study (I think by that people mean elective courses or learning opportunities) due to lower fundings compared to UofT.  **University of Toronto**  Pros  1. **University of Toronto is placed at the top in terms of prestige**. It is 1st in Canada and 28th in the world. Going there leaves a good impression on people. 2. The city of Toronto is considered to be very **modern and industrious**. Also, it is also called a great city outside of Canada. There are many things to do and many places to go to. 3. **People who are only anglophone are more likely to find jobs in here than in Montreal**. 4. Most big, industrious companies are based here. If I am looking for a a very nice position or a good job during school or after graduation, I seems that I can find it very easily in here.  Cons  1. **Everything is too expensive**    1. I am expected to pay almost $60k on my first year for tuition alone. Hypothetically speaking, if that was the cost for every year for 4 years, then I would have to pay $240k for my whole college career.    2. Residence is overpriced and way less spacious than in McGill (Trinity College Residence).    3. I searched for off-campus housing, and the the lowest price you can get is between $800-$900. Apartments that are leased $700/month are very sketchy and too good to be true.    4. Living expenses are higher than in Montreal. 2. It seems like University of Toronto is n**ot as culturally and internationally diverse as McGill**. Most international students come from Asia, or most of the non-caucasian Canadians are Asian-Canadians. Nothing against them (I am Asian myself), simply that I like to have friends and learn about the culture from more than a single group of people. 3. The city of Toronto can be quite **overwhelming and so more stressful** to live in due to the fast-paced environment. 4. It has been mentioned pretty much everywhere, so it is undeniable: i**t is easier to get into UofT than graduating from it**. I have seen that they accept people with marks as low as 85% and tend to give extremely challenging classes to students from 2nd year and up (a pretty good business strategy though). 5. From what I have seen in reddit, people seem **more stressed at UofT**. Some even regret going there to study. Some claim that they  work and study all day long, so people do not usually party in here. I don't care much about partying because I usually don't go to parties, but I want some free time for myself and my hobbies. Also, this can be the case for any school.  &amp;#x200B;  I am an international student and the major I am interested in is offered by the faculty of arts(for both schools). The main factors in making my decision are **affordability, quality of education, and how my future can be affected by where I go for college**. In terms of price, McGill has greater advantage over UofT. In terms of quality of education, which one do you think teaches me more and better? Which one has a better arts faculty? Finally, which one is more recognised outside of Canada? Is there any preference for any school when applying to jobs in Canada?  I am also planning to apply for jobs starting my second year to pay my living expenses on my own. If I go to McGill, would there be any chance for me to find a job? I have work experience and I am multilingual, but I simply do not know French.  I am not planning on taking a masters, at least not right after graduation. I am considering going into law, but I am still deciding. For now, I want to land into a good job and explore as many options as possible after graduation.  Which school should I pick?
0.0 |  Vic One versus Trin One [deleted]
0.141 |  U of T Trinity College???? Hi, I'm a current gr.12 student who will be attending U of T next year as a member of Trinity College. So this sounds super dumb but my smartass decided her college based on what the building looks like and the name, aka I didn't do any research on the colleges prior to my decision. After being accepted to Trin College I searched up some info about it and a lot of the posts on reddit are pretty negative ngl. It's described as the snobby college and etc so I'm honestly really worried about next year, especially cuz I'll be living on res. I asked one of my friends who's currently at Trin and she told me that the snobby thing only applies to some people and that it's usually a joke. Is that true? Will I be hated on for being a Trin College member? Please help I'm super anxious if you couldn't already tell!
0.016 |  3 Hour Commute From Markham (Living Situation?) Going into second year and lived on trinity res first year. My options next year are commuting from Markham (1 way is 1.5-2 hrs and in total 3-4 hrs) or renting with flatmates downtown. I missed upper-year residence applications because I was adamant I was gonna commute from home and save money in case of grad school/other needs. Other first-years are also renting and upper-years thought the commute was too long. Does anyone who commutes from Markham, Richmond Hill, Brampton, Vaughan, Aurora, etc have any advice about their situation? General advice about commuting vs. renting would be great too!  Edit: If it helps, I ~~hopefully~~ want to get into computer science and double major with philosophy or stats.
0.0 |  Trinity or Chestnut? [deleted]
0.118 |  Where is the Trinity JCR? This is probably a stupid question but I have no idea where this is. (I am a trin student). Directions much appreciated.
0.183 |  trinity college "meatless mondays" this has been around for a few months now but I just want to point out how fucking bullshit it is. I payed $5000 for a meal plan to get fed shitty some food (can cook better food than these clowns) which I'm fine with.  but on top of that, god knows why, they have some vegan wet-dream bullshit called "meatless mondays", where lunch consists of nothing but leafy greens. ok i'm tall and pretty underweight. I get hungry really fast. I don't need this lazy bullshit because some fatasses at trin want to lose some weight/trin staff is too fucking lazy to cook human consumable food  while we're at it, i'd like to point out that the "chicken" here has more fucking bone than a gay skeleton orgy and the beef is impossible to cut with the popsicle sticks they call knives.
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.038 |  Who is allowed in my residence room? [serious inquiry] I suspect that this is a silly question but who am I allowed to invite into my residence room (I'll be in a Trinity residence if that matters)?   Of particular concern to me is whether I am allowed to have someone of the opposite gender who does not attend U of T in my room?  Thanks so much.
0.0 |  Trying to rank residences Trinity vs University college vs new college. Can you guys give me the pros and cons of each? Also what are the chances I live in a single first year? Can you guys please post pictures of the interior of your rooms. 
0.057 |  U of T vs. McGill Hi everyone! I have just been admitted to the University of Toronto’s trinity college for life sciences and McGill University for the same subject, and have had some trouble deciding between the two.  I plan to go to grad school in the U.S after (probably a PhD in biochemistry). I was wondering which school has better name recognition in the U.S, and which one has the least grade deflation? If I graduated from U of T Life Science or McGill Biochem, which one would look better than the other to american universities?  Also, I  was wondering how the social scene was at both schools? I've heard that U of T has a reputation of being a little anti social and a lot of people struggle with their mental health there. I also heard recently that Trinity is filled with snobs. Is this true?  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!
0.0 |  Need an advice regarding picking a college. I realized that besides picking the program, I shoud also pick the college. I'm planning to apply for math program, and I have a choice Innis, Trinity, or Victoria. They all need to be the first in order to be even considered. Wich one should I choose?
0.013 |  One Programs So I'm a prospective student who is waiting to hear back from UTSG Life Sciences (Psychology), and I just found about these One programs. From some quick research, they seem to simply be a group of 2 or 3 courses that you take over a year or two. I'm just curious as to how they work in conjunction with other courses that you have to take. Would taking a One program mean that you might have to take more than 5 courses in a semester? I'm not even sure how the course selection works for Life Sci, just that you don't actually enter your program (psychology in my case) until Year 2... I think. Are there electives? Is that one the One program courses replace? I'm particularly interested in the Munk One and Trinity One programs. Thanks in advance everyone!
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.0 |  Played myself. Applied to Trinity half because I want to be close to IR classes and half for the architecture.   Drumroll please... got into New College.  Obviously it's not a big deal and I'm greatfull to be accepted to the University in general, but I kind of wish I had just applied for Victoria or ranked University College as my top. Now I am neither in the IR hub or in a cool old looking building.
0.0 |  101 applicant just received CS utsg offer today XD Average: 96.5% Advanced function: 98% English: 94% Calculus mark: not yet known College: Trinity college  Congrats to those who received their offer and Good luck to everyone else who are waiting!!!   I realized that usually when u get an offer is when you totally don’t expect it! 
0.375 |  MacPro was lost today in trinity college library 😭 
0.0 |  Engineering student needing advice on residences Hello all, first time on this sub. I’m applying to U of T (St. George campus) and I need some advice for choosing my residence by March 31st. I live in the US (I’m a Canadian citizen and I applied 105D so I get that nice tuition rate), and haven’t been able to tour the residences at U of T, so I need a little help if you wouldn’t mind, please.  My first-choice program is Engineering Science, second Mechanical Engineering, and third Chemical Engineering. I’d like to have fitness options in my residence as well.  My options are Chestnut Residence, Innis Residence (I’m leaning towards this one), New College Residence, St. Michael’s College, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, and Victoria University Residence.  What do you guys think is the best residence option for a student like me?  Thank you!
0.185 |  How fucked am I?           I live in farmville-hickstown and my WiFi is poor. This means that when I submitted my trinity One video application (leaving a full 10 minutes for upload on a 2:26 vid) that my 60 minute upload deadline cam and past during the slow process. A full 15 minutes late my video made it in. Is my application void? Am I ok? Should I move into the forest and abandon society at large due to the shame of my failure?
0.061 |  Candle vigil or similar mourning event in Bahen or in front of admin office? The fact that it happened in Bahen means it was likely not unrelated to school, and it has been the second time I have known of (third time if you count Trinity). I know that raising awareness of these incidents has possibility of encouraging others to commit suicide too, which is feared by the school. But, not talking about it means we would never know how serious the situation is and a change will never come.  Situation about Post is complicated, I know. But it's not an excuse for not doing anything and not trying to change it. I would like to know your opinions on it and maybe we can think of something that, at least, forces the school to be more transparent.  Update: https://www.facebook.com/events/347109226012524/?ti=as Someone else organized a protest today at 2pm in front campus. I think this is a better and quicker first step.
0.0 |  Holy U of T Trinity 
0.119 |  Is The Margaret MacMillan Trinity One program worth it? Asking in terms of the 2 credits that I'll have to commit to this program - I am already planning to do a dual major + single minor.  (I got a guaranteed spot in the program, so I don't want to be rude by rejecting them)
0.049 |  Trinity Summer Residence no AC I am currently considering living at Trinity over summer since it is the cheapest college. However, it says that they do not have air conditioning. Since I never lived in Toronto over summer, will this be a big deal? Is it very hot with only fans? 
0.102 |  As student politics season approaches, here's a friendly reminder to vote out incumbent student politicians If  they were an executive this year, and they give excuses and ask you to reelect them, DONT!!!!!  It's because the same clique of people are running the show year after year that makes student politics ineffective yet toxic and full of drama. They already have their networks and shills in place so they win elections again, and again.  DON'T REELECT ANY UTSU EXECS \[ do i even need to explain this\]  DONT REELECT ANY CSSU EXECS \[like wtf was all that shit this year\]  DONT REELECT ANY APUS EXECS \[ the same ppl have been winning since 1995? wtf\]  DONT REELECT ANY CASA EXECS \[ shitty pizza\]  DONT REELECT ANY MU EXECS \[jk no one cares about math\]  DONT REELECT ANY UC EXECS \[ it's a clique if there was ever one\]  DONT REELECT ANY WCSA EXECS \[admin shills\]  DONT REELECT ANY NEW COLLEGE EXECS \[ their events this year have been SHITE\]  DONT REELECT ANY TRIN EXECS \[just cause\]  DONT REELECT ANY ASSU EXECS \[i dont think they even have elections actually wtf\]  &amp;#x200B;  the power is in our hands to break the cycle of the powerhungry. DONT FALL FOR THE POLITICAL CLOUT. VOTE THEM OUT.  tell me what more SUs to add to the list, I'll do it too.
0.0 |  What you hear as you walk into Trinity College 
0.0 |  Why is there a stigma against Trinity? I haven't found a single positive comment about Trinity. Is their E L I T I S M B O U N D L E S S ?
0.0 |  (Help) Trinity v. Chestnut What are the pros and cons of the residences for a Life Sci major?
0.0 |  switching colleges ? hi there - im a grade 12 recently admitted to uoft ! for my college i got accepted to trinity, but i was wondering if there was anyway (through ouac or uoft?) that i could switch colleges. i can't afford a meal plan and am hoping to switch to woodsworth or innis lmao
0.0 |  Trinity College Residence Options Hi, I've been accepted to Trinity College and need to decide on the residence option. What are the pros and cons of Trinity College Residence and Chestnut Residence? Looking for info to make a decision.
0.0 |  Can’t even see Trinity. Rip [deleted]
0.163 |  I really really hope that this is just misinformation Has any of you heard about the suicide incident in Trin that happened in the past week?.. I had no idea until my roommate's friend from UTM told her. I can't tell if this university is getting even more fucked up in handling mental health related issues and really covering it up well or if its just a false rumour.. The friend was also shocked at how this is not a huge thing being talked about in UTSG yet. Anyone who can clarify?
0.0 |  Current/ex upper years at Trinity college, how do you increase odds of being able to stay on res in second year? [deleted]
0.223 |  Trinity College must be Arts and Sciences? please help a freaked out senior :/ [deleted]
0.022 |  Meal plan at Woodsworth? I applied to Rotman Commerce and ranked trinity as my first choice, and due to cost factors I chose to disregard the application process. Firstly, will this affect me if i have already decided not to go to Trinity?   My second question is the meal plan at woodsworth, from what I’ve read, there are kitchens included but are there meal plans at all?  Thanks.
0.0 |  Something happened at Trinity? [deleted]
0.013 |  Incoming first year curious about Victoria College Hey guys! This is my first ever reddit post so I hope I do this right lol. Anyway, I'm a high school senior planning on attending UofT next year. My parents are making me stay in residency for my 1st year, and I ranked Victoria as my #1 choice. I just have a few questions about it that I couldn't find many answers to...  1. I ranked it my highest because I've read a lot about how it's full of friendly arts/humanities peeps (of which I am myself, haha). Can anyone confirm this? I'm kinda shy and am hoping to be surrounded by likeminded people :-) 2. It's a pretty prestigious college, right? Like I know it's the only one aside from Trinity that requires an application, plus it's one of the ones that you have to rank as #1 in order to be considered. Is it really that exclusive? 3. It's also pretty expensive compared to the other colleges. I know they dole out tons of scholarships and stuff but I'm wondering if the rooms/facilities/meal plans are worth the price? 4. This is just a general question about dorm life! I'm likely going to get a double room, is living with a roommate tricky to get used to? And how is the bathroom situation?  I think that's all for right now, any insight would be wonderful, thank you &lt;3
0.047 |  College Rankings (sorry) Alright so I know the colleges don’t matter too much especially because I will be living off of Rez. Anyways, although I have submitted my ouac application a couple weeks again, I regret the order in which I put my colleges. If I go back into ouac to edit the order of the colleges, will my application take longer to process because of the change?  P.S I accidentally put trinity as my first choice not realizing that I don’t relate to it whatsoever  Thanks in advance   EDIT: I’ve already submitted my college rankings so it’s in the system. after researching further I realized the college I really want is placed near the bottom of my list, so I won’t get that one without asking or switching it through OUAC.
0.075 |  Missed closed to 1 hour of my exam - pray for me yall Note: Sorry if it's somewhat of a long post. Just needed a place to release.   Back when exam schedules were released in early Nov, I took a screenshot of the exam location with my phone. Unfortunately, I didn't know that they changed the exam location on the website, a few days later. The original room was HI cart at st. Hilda college for 9am.   This past Saturday was the final, &amp; I arrive to st. Hilda. I could only find the exam room that said "HH Cart" and not my exam room which is "HI Cart". So im wasting time, walking around the building looking for room "HI" &amp; unfortunately it was a Saturday, so the staff welcome room was closed. Pretty much walking around for 30mins, going upstairs and downstairs, trying to find this room   I asked a few people if they knew where "HI Cart " was located but they didn't. The last person I encountered suggested for me to go to trinity college. Because they had staff for the weekends. So I go to trinity, talk to the staff. He said that HH &amp; HI are the same room, but that it's not booked for an exam at 9am.  That's when I realized that shit the room has been changed. Sucks cuz the new room was by college st, meanwhile I'm originally at bloor and st.george.  I arrive at my exam 50mins later, and did the test. Freaking out cuz I can feel that I didn't do well.. was all panicked and in a frazzled state of mind during the test. In hindset, I probably should've checked the week before my exam. But I've checked early every year and have never been screwed  This was a 60% final by the way and I need it to graduate (it's my final year). Pray for me y'all 🙏and double check your exam locations!
0.074 |  Do all libraries have security cameras It’s exam season wondering if I left my laptop on the desk for a while if it gets stolen (unlikely) if uoft has cameras. So far I haven’t seen any camera in the law library, Victoria Pratt, trinity. Robarts says they do but not sure where and if it covers the corners
0.0 |  what's up at trin? [deleted]
0.017 |  Choosing a College So needless to say, I'm in high school and planning to apply to UofT and I have to choose a college.  I plan on doing my undergrad in Chemistry and I'm debating between Trinity, Victoria, University, and New College. I won't be doing residence so my choice won't affect me as much but having a good student life would be nice.   Which of these would be most convenient as a science student as in how much walking would I have to do to get to classes?   And which of these offer the best scholarships for academic excellence? (I tried looking into this but there was so much to look at, so if anybody who knows could give me a tl;dr that'd be great)     Which one would you guys recommend overall?  &amp;#x200B;  From what I've already heard:  \- Trinity is the most prestigious  \- One guy said it'd show up on your degree that you graduated from Trinity  \- Some people have called Trinity a bit pretentious and that all the other colleges collectively jokingly hate on it lol  \- High table dinner where you have to dress up?     \- Victoria has great scholarships?  \- It's a bit far from classes depending on which ones you take  &amp;#x200B;  \- New College is pretty fucking amazing all around (Good library, support staff, convenient location, student body)  &amp;#x200B;  \- University College is pretty nice too, better than the remaining 3 at least imo
0.123 |  Trinity Student Beheaded After Questioning High Table Attire | The Boundary 
0.342 |  Lowest average for Trinity College [deleted]
0.149 |  Is it hard to switch to Trinity College? [deleted]
0.0 |  What is the best college for a prospective Rotman student? Rank your opinions and feel free to provide additional info.  I'm personally trying to decide between Trinity, Woodsworth, or Victoria.  Thank you! :)
0.196 |  Poon magnet ran out of Juice. Next stop, Trinity College. 
0.222 |  What's with the Trin hate? Trin is getting destroyed in that U of T True Blue meme group poll thing on FB.  By hate I don't mean like actual hate ( I'm sure there are lots of real haters too) but I've been here for a few years and I don't understand why they seem to be the most disliked college.   Yeah it is mostly friendly rivalry stuff but it seems no one likes Trin compared to literally every other college. 
0.0 |  Trinity bathroom 😐 
0.091 |  I already feel so behind on everything, wtf do I do? Hi r/UofT,  I’m a first year student (international) and I’m doing CS   This post is what the title is. But I don’t know what to do. I have always been used to high work loads... but this is different   I have a Math223 homework due in 2 days.. but the prof hasn’t taught ANYTHING that’s in the homework in the lectures...  I have cs165 and math137 problem sets both due in one week... and I don’t know anything on them...  Stats130 alone is another thing, I don’t know what’s going on it either  Csc108 I don’t even attend  I’m trying so hard but it’s so hard to get adjusted to life here.. especially as an international student   Being a commuter it’s even harder to make friends, let alone the trinity frosh being trashy   I need help guys. Any thing is appreciated 
0.0 |  anyone else here at Trinity frosh? [deleted]
0.0 |  is there a specific time I have to move in? trinity [deleted]
0.0 |  trinity college res sleep over? [removed]
0.0 |  Guest Policy for Trinity College Is there any? Or for St. Hilda's more specifically? I was just wondering because I couldn't find any info on the website.  Thanks for any help :)
0.031 |  Admission questions for arts St George campus I just have two really quick questions about admissions:  1. Is the International Relations program only offered by Trinity College and is it possible to still major in that program if you are not accepted into the college? 2. How many students does Victoria College admit roughly?  Thanks 
0.0 |  HELP UofT Admissions Repeated Courses Hi! I was wondering if anyone could shed some light on the admissions perspective on repeated high school courses. I'm considering applying to a PoliSci or International Relations program and hoping to get accepted into Trinity or Victoria. I know i have a competitive average (90) but I have one problem...I retook Advanced Functions after getting a 72 (my new Ad Fxn Mark is an 87). Will this make a huge impact?? Will they even consider the new mark? What are my chances of getting in with this sitch?   Please Help!
0.0 |  Bed sizes in Trinity [deleted]
0.05 |  Can I still apply to the international relations program at St.George if i go to UTM? Hello I'm a first year student at UTM, and I'm planning on studying political science. I want to do international relations in my second year and its only offered at the St.George campus. However i did take courses that basically fit the requirements for it like economics and history (exchanges and encounters). I was on the trinity college website and it said that you need to be an arts and science student at the \[St.George\]. in order to apply to the program in second year. Does that mean I wont be able to apply in second year? Sorry i'm really stressed and confused and have basically tried to ask everybody even the office of registrar
0.0 |  Move out dates Hello, i am an international student who will be beginning first year in September in the faculty of arts and sciences at Trinity in St George, and was wondering where I can find information on move out dates for winters, as I need to book flights from now, and I can't find a calendar which has all such dates. Any help is appreciated, thank you
0.0 |  St Hilda's Residence I'm an incoming first year, got a room in Kirkwood-151 at St.Hilda's, could anyone tell me what it's like?   Also, is there a dining hall in St.Hilda's or do I eat in the main Trinity building?   Thank you
0.0 |  Is it possible to switch colleges within the St. George campus Arts &amp; Science Faculty? If you are already with UC and you want to switch to, for example, Trinity?
0.022 |  Opening a bank account as an International student Hello, I am an international student who is gonna be attending UofT from September at St George campus staying at Trinity and was wondering what to do in terms of a bank account because I am fairly clueless about Canadian banks. Does anyone know which bank i should open an account with, which one would be good for transferring money internationally with minimum delay/commission etc, or anything to know about a Canadian bank when I open an account. I am fairly new to having a bank account especially abroad so any advice is greatly appreciated thank you
0.016 |  Guide to getting the top tier degree markings This guide is aimed at students considering UofT.  I know a lot of you are wondering, aren't all degrees the same? I will tell you that they are not. They have different markings that mean different things so I will explain them for the discerning applicant who may wish for a decorated degree for job-seeking or for pedigreed reasons.  1. Apply for UofT downtown, not UofT Scarborough or Mississauaga.  Everybody knows it is easier to get into the side schools than the main school. There are also greater diversity of courses at the main school. Famous Profs also don't teach at the side schools. If you say graduate from UofT Mississauga, the UTM principal will sign your degree and it will say UTM underneath it.   [source](https://www.utm.utoronto.ca/registrar/current-students/graduation-convocation)  2. Apply for Trinity.  Trinity is the hardest college to get into at the downtown campus, needing crazy marks and a well-written essay to get in. The Trinity Provost will sign your degree, and it will say University of Trinity College underneath it. This will be proof that you had crazy marks from high school.  3. Get good GPA  Above 3.0 GPA you degree will say you graduated with Distinction. Above 3.5 it will say High Distinction. High Distinction is the highest tier of marks currently available, and it is not hard to get (especially for CS) if you use Ivy League university online lectures to get 4.0 in all your classes (I know someone who did this).  Degree Marking Scheme  U of T downtown - 5 points  Trinity - 5 points  High Distinction - 10 points (5 for just regular distinction)   Good luck on your 20/20 degree!
0.047 |  Made a mistake, need to quit Ones program Hey everyone,  I recently accepted my offer to the Trinity One Medicine &amp; Global Health Program thinking that it wouldn't be too big of a commitment. Now, looking at my suggested courses to make POSt next year I realize that I really don't have time for the Ones program and I want to opt out of it. Can I still do so or do I have to bear through it this first year? How do I drop out before the semester begins?
0.145 |  ELI5: What’s with all the Trinity hate? Graduated in Victoria college’s class of 2016 here, so I’m not up to date with all this college shinanigens.  I’ve noticed in both this subreddit and the UofT memes Facebook group that everybody likes to shit on Trinity for some reason.   Is there some inside joke about how snobby Trinity students are or something?
0.019 |  Question about FLC and Labs? Hi there,  I was thinking about applying to a FLC for my first year at UTSG, however when reading the website, I was a little confused:  "Once you are accepted into the FLC program, we will then register you for your FLC group as well as the two to three core courses for your discipline (read these course listings under “Discover Your FLC”). You are registered for these core courses before they open-up to other first-year students. It is **your responsibility** to register for your remaining courses. It is also important to note that these core courses have been decided on in consultation with faculty administrators from the different disciplines involved." ([https://learningcommunities.utoronto.ca/index.php/ex-1/what-is-flc/](https://learningcommunities.utoronto.ca/index.php/ex-1/what-is-flc/))  I have looked at the pre-set timetable for Life Science at Trinity College, however the FLC conflicts with PHY 131/132 for both semesters (the FLC time is 2-3:30pm on Thursday and the PHY 131/132 session that I have set up in my schedule so far has a lecture from 3-4pm on Thursday as well). I am trying to avoid any evening classes - the only other PHY 131/132 lectures take place in the evening; however I think FLC would be a terrific opportunity. Would evening classes be worth it to enroll in a FLC? If it makes a difference, I will be living on residence.  In terms of labs, I was wondering how the system worked. Most labs seem to have 2 sessions on the same day at the same time (ex. PRA0101 and PRA0102 are both Mondays from 2-5pm). Is it that the 0101 session is on the first, third, fifth, etc. week and 0102 is on the second, fourth, six, etc. week? In the given timetable on the FLC website for Trinity College ([https://learningcommunities.utoronto.ca/index.php/ex-1/find-your-flc/life-science/](https://learningcommunities.utoronto.ca/index.php/ex-1/find-your-flc/life-science/)), it says that bio and chem labs occur on alternating weeks. Is this simply the nature of the courses or is this based on the 0101 vs 0102 idea?   Thank you in advance for helping me out! :)
0.0 |  Trinity One courses, Credit, and Breadth [deleted]
0.0 |  Is this a good schedule for first year?? + Other Questions I'm planning to double major in IR and something else second year, and this is what I want to take in my first year:   HIS103Y1, ECO105Y1,MAT135H1, ENG140Y1, and I'm enrolled in Trinity One's TRN140Y1 and TRN141Y1  Does this look good?   Also, as the Trin one courses TRN140 hit breadth 2+3 and TRN141 hit 4+5, will I have completed my breadth requirement if each trin one course counts for one credit?   Also, any recommendations for what to double major alongside IR? I would prefer something humanity based, with emphasis on communications and writing.   Thanks!
0.0 |  How to play soccer with the people in the soccer field in front of Trinity? I see people playing soccer there everyday and want to play too. Where do I sign up?
0.015 |  Questions by an incoming Rotman student Hello, I just accepted my offer to Rotman Commerce for the fall term, and got into Trinity College.  I have a number of questions:  1. As a local student, what is the purpose of the college system if I'm not living on res? 2. I indicated my stream as accounting, but I'd like to change that to Finance and Economics. I've heard first year courses are the same for everyone. Will making this change have any impact on my university career, and when can I change this? 3. What clubs and sports teams exist at UTSG? I do non\-competitive cross country, and was involved in many clubs at a higher level in high school. What kind of commitment level can I expect for clubs? 4. What is the work load like? Any study tips or time management advice? It's something I struggle with, and I hope I can improve it before it impacts my career.  If you have any other advice, feel free to let me know. Thank you!
0.0 |  the Trin One Medicine and Global Health stream I'm considering accepting this stream because I think it's a unique take on traditional sciences. I'd love to hear anyone's past experiences/thoughts on this stream!
0.052 |  Most Beneficial UofT College If I Want an English Degree? I know it's said that the colleges don't matter in the longrun, but I was just curious on if the colleges "specialized" in certain fields/degrees, and which college would be best if I wanted to go into English/Law. I heard Trinity or Victoria, but I'm unsure? 
0.0 |  Dropped a F-term Summer course - Refund Hi all,  [http://www.fees.utoronto.ca/sessions/summer\_2018/tuition\_fees/fees/FAC.htm](http://www.fees.utoronto.ca/sessions/summer_2018/tuition_fees/fees/FAC.htm)  I am a Art Sci student at Trin and just dropped a F\-term summer course \(as of May 26\) on ACORN. I should be receiving 50&amp;#37; course fee refund.  However, do I need to make any requests or form\-filling for the refund? or will that be done automatically through ACORN?  Thanks!
0.0 |  Selling one convocation ticket for Innis &amp; Trin (June 15 morning ceremony) [removed]
0.022 |  An Engineering Applicant (Undergrad) Who's Trying To Get Into Trinity College So I'm just really confused on applying to this residence. I filled out the original Trinity applicant form (the one with the windseeker picture) and they accepted that. The program I listed on that specific application form was my backup program for U of T, Physical and Mathematical Sciences. But I want to get into Trinity College with my main program, Industrial Engineering. Help?
0.108 |  My mind tells me to go with UTM's $10000 scholarship but I still want to study at UTSG I'll be brief about the situation.   I'm really torn apart as to what to do before the deadline to choose a campus comes this week. I received a $10 000 scholarship from UTM for first year, and I'm really thankful for it, as my family is considered lower middle class. However, checking UTM's criteria for their admission awards, that amount should mean I have an average in the mid 90s. The issue is that UTSG isn't giving me anything in admission awards, which leads me to suspect my average is not competitive enough within my program. Can anyone confirm if that is the case?   Moreover, I chose University College after a lot of research, but failed to realize that UC is sort of legendary for being broke compared to other colleges. So my college admission award is also disappointing. Add to that my mistake of missing the UC writing award deadlines. I applied for many scholarships but I'll only know whether I received them in July, well after the date I have to choose a campus.  I understand I can transfer from UTM to UTSG to first year, but I made it into Trin One and would like as many opportunities to make friends in first year as possible, and am just worried it'll be even harder to do so if I transfer in second year.  In short, if my family does not want to take on loans, can I justify going to UTSG for first year or should I take the "rational" decision and go to UTM?
0.106 |  Confusion with residency/waitlist I am an incoming freshman at uoft st. George and membership in woodsworth college. I accidentally missed the deadline to get garunteed housing and am just no filling out all of the applications for the residences. I finished a few of them where I just had to answer questions, but once I got to Trinity and Victoria they were telling me to pay them $600. Why do I have to pay them both $600 before I even know which one I am going to? Am I misunderstanding this system? Also what are the odds that I will be able to get residency and won't have to live on off-campus housing? Thanks in advance for the help.
0.0 |  Best residence ? I ranked the following :  1) Victoria University Residence  2) New College Residence  3) St. Micheals College Residence  4) Chestnut Residence  5) Trinity College Residence   6th choice is university College Residence however it says “ university College Residence reserves a maximum of 20 spaces for students within a professional faculty “ what does this mean ?   But yeah which do u guys recommend ?  
0.0 |  Is it possible to change your college? Fresher in fall, I've been admitted to New College... but I literally can't find any information about it (say on YouTube. By comparison, UC, Vic and Trinity are all over YouTube!) I knew nothing about the college's  when I applied, and Victoria is looking better at the moment.   Is it possible to change my college? Who should I email?  If I cant, do tell me something about New College.
0.0 |  Trinity One, Biomedical Health stream? Hey, I’m a senior in high school/incoming first-year LifeSci student who was just informed I got into the Trinity One program, Medicine and Global Health/Biomedical Health streams. I’m planning on accepting the offer for the latter.   Has anyone else been enrolled in this? What were your experiences with it, and would you recommend it?
0.11 |  Get me hyped for UofT! I’ll be joining Rotman Commerce and Trinity College in 2018! All of the posts on the this subreddit paint such a grim and depressing picture of UofT. Can someone please share some awesome things about UofT to get me excited?!  
0.0 |  Trinity One acceptance Anyone know when I should expect the results of my application to come? Applied roughly a month ago 
0.0 |  Usefulness of Ones Programs? Are the Ones programs really worth it? Specifically, how useful is the Trinity One Biomedical Health program for undergraduate Life Science students in terms of preparation for grad school/job? Does it take a toll on your GPA?   Thanks!
0.026 |  Colleges for engineerings Ik engineers aren’t really a part of a college, but I still want to be selected to the one I want. I put Trinity as my first one but I doubt that’ll happen. I put UC as my second one but now looking at it it say that UC reserves very few spots for engineers aswell. If I put UC as my second one will they even consider me for residence? Ik Trinity only accepts people if they put it as their first choice, and then UC doesn’t care. But since they have such little room will they care that I didn’t put them as my top one?
0.109 |  Does University College want you to rank them as your top choice? I put Trinity as my top and UC as my second. I want them both equally, but I am scared that I won’t get into trinity and then UC won’t accept me because I didn’t put them as my top. Are my fears justified?
0.039 |  Trinity or Chestnut So I've been recently admitted to U of T and have gotten into trinity as well, with chestnut as second choice, so I was wondering which one i should decide to move into (I'm pretty clueless about campus life so any help including the differences in food etc would be appreciated)
0.044 |  Trinity One Just submitted my application for Trin One. It says to check the following link http://www.artsci.utoronto.ca/futurestudents/academics/college-one-programs to check my application status. I think I may be blind because I can't find where to check my status anywhere on it or even the Trinity one website. Would really appreciate if someone could show me where it is 
0.0 |  Summer Residence with Kitchen I am seeing that some of the summer residences are much cheaper than subletting. I need a place that I can cook and don't know what the kitchenette in a few of the buildings entails and if it will be enough for cooking. Would living in Trinity or in Rowell Jackman Hall (a part of Victoria) be good options? If not, where would you suggest thats cheap?
0.0 |  So I was touring the university today... We were standing in the quad at trinity and this guy opens his window and yells “DONT COME TO TRINITY COLLEGE.” Are y’all okay? Do y’all need some help? A hug maybe? 
0.0 |  Trinity College Residences Facing Bed-bug Infestation 
0.0 |  question about colleges I got 3 options to rank on MyRes. (woodsworth chestnut uc)  My top choice on OUAC was trinity iirc but I didn't bother with app. My offer says woodsworth. [MyRes says not guaranteed Woodsworth tho](https://imgur.com/HR1Ny5I). I'm gonna assume that Woodsworth is guarantee becuz it says it on offer.  1. How likely is it that I get into another choice? Chestnut/UC? 2. Once they give out offer it's final right? 3. Woodsworth vs Chestnut vs UC?
0.226 |  Satire fail: The Varsity apparently doesn't know what the Lit is [Trinity] [deleted]
0.0 |  How significant is the stigma that Trinity college is "elitist"? [deleted]
0.0 |  Varsity Track Hey everyone, I was just wondering if any UofT students can use the track at the Varsity centre (near St. Hilda's rez/Munk School area)?  Is that only for varsity athletes or can any UofT student use the track?   Also, are there lockers nearby and how do you enter?   Thanks! 
0.04 |  Heard two blood curdling screams outside of trinity college (Queens Pk and Hoskin). Anyone know what's going on? My friend and I called 911 and campus police but she had to get to class so we didn't stay
0.108 |  What's wrong with some of the people at trinity college? Before I get downvoted, I am in trin too...but a lot of my friends are in other colleges like UC, new, innis.etc  I'm in a bunch of the college facebook groups, and most of them seem pretty chill or just advertisements, except trin for some reason has a weird obsession I feel with like, being gay (nothing wrong with it), sexuality, political correctness and so on.  Recently there was a post about having a screening of a drag queen pageant or something?  Why?  I also feel like the trin social group just jerks each other off liking each others comments, because I feel when a random trin member asks a question or makes a comment, nobody pays attention, but if one of the heads or social kids say something (not even funny or witty) they just circle jerk each other up.    Point is, what's wrong with trin?  What's with their weird obsession with being "different" from other uoft students who are jsut there for their degree?  When do these kids have time to foam from the mouth about social justice and sexuality?  don't they have assignments and midterms? 
0.0 |  If you could ask Canada's foreign affairs leadership anything about North Korea, what would you ask? Hey UofT, in partnership with Global Affairs Canada, the Bill Graham Centre and Canadian International Council is hosting in Seeley Hall, Canada's Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs, South Korean Diplomats and North Korean Experts from across the globe. They will be developing policy options to how Canada and the world respond to the North Korean Nuclear Challenge? The University is paying the ticket fees for any students who wish to attend and provide stakeholder feedback.  More info at https://thecic.org/the-north-korean-nuclear-challenge/. February 26, 8am-5pm, Seeley Hall, Trinity College, 6 Hoskin Ave.
0.0 |  Too late for Trinity and Vic? [deleted]
0.043 |  The road less travelled DAE never cut through the rotman buildin to get over to trin   DAE never go through philosopher's walk to get to bloor from UC?  DAE go bahen to mining building  through walberg building  and most importantly, DAE cut throguh Northrop Frye McDonalds to get to St Mikes
0.082 |  UofT Social Scene Im a potential student and Ive heard its dead out there, outright depressing, Im a straight A student but I go out 3 times a week Also how are frats ?  Which college has the best scene ? Ive heard Trinity and Vic 
0.037 |  How was U of T different from what you expected, and other questions So, title, obviously.  Acceptee/HS student, so looking to get a grasp on how student life is.  * How was U of T different from how you expected it would be? * What is/are some relatively insignificant detail(s) about your time at U of T that you would like to have known? * What's the greatest unexpected benefit and drawback of U of T (for you, personally). * Do any of you *not* study CS/Engineering and are you guys not going to have a PoST-induced heart attack at any moment? * (If you are in Trin) How do you feel the residence is? I'm aware the buildings are somewhat older; how do you feel this affects things?    Edit: is anybody **not** sad
0.037 |  What happens when you use up all your free meals? In case anyone has forgot, we have 10 free meals we can use on campus! **(Apparently I think only if you are Trin - just found out)**  I have almost used all of mine and I was just wondering what exactly happens when I run out. Do I have to pay in cash after or can it just get charged to my U of T account when my card gets swiped?
0.0 |  Hello, I am in the process of applying to EngSci and I wanted to choose a dorm before the March deadline but I do not know which one to choose. Which ones are better in terms of food, facilities and hygiene? University college, trinity , new col. or chesnut? I need your suggestions! Thanks! 
0.0 |  Where do I send transcripts? I'm sending my HS transcripts through Saskatchewan's online system. Should I select the college I'm applying to (Trinity), or enrollment services, or transcript request?
0.0 |  Which college to choose? I am in grade 12 applying for UofT for Anthropology. Three colleges that catch my eye are Trinity, Vic, and UC because of the architecture. I am aware that Trinity and Vic must be listed first.   Some questions I have are:  Can more than one college accept me? Lets say I rank the colleges 1. Trinity; 2. UC; could both Trinity and UC accept me?   Also, lets say I choose Trinity over Vic, would I have to put Vic at the bottom of the list?   If I go to Trinity, could I apply for other One programs of other colleges?  What are the pros and cons of these three colleges and what is the atmosphere, staff, food, events, culture like?  EDIT: I wont be on residence, I will be commuting 
0.039 |  Colleges for faculty of arts and science I'm a little confused on why they're called "colleges", is it just a quirky little thing?  Also, if innis, Victoria, Trinity, and Woodworth (for rotmann) all need to be first choices to be considered , after I choose one of them as your top choice, should I just rank all the other ones at the bottom because I won't be going to those no matter what? Thanks!
0.04 |  Changing colleges after admission Hey,  When I was applying to UofT I didn't really pay much attention to the college rankings (which was entirely my fault, I know, and I let my counselor fill it up for me) so I got accepted to my first choice which was St. Michael's college for rotman commerce but I realized that I might be a better fit for Victoria or Trinity and I'm not sure how to change or if colleges even make a big difference? Do I have to reapply through ouac since trinity has a higher threshold?  Could someone help?
0.0 |  Needed help with Trin residence On the MyRes website, I cannot find St. Hilda's College for some reason. There's just Trinity College Residence and Chestnut Residence. Also, I was hoping someone could brief me on Trinity College Residence and all the facilities and amenities available there.
0.0 |  Best College to join? UFT ST George I been hearing St Mikes, and Trinity are super fun? Any ideas Thank you!
0.0 |  I've been accepted! International (US) student here; recently heard back from the school and I've been accepted (both to U of T and to Trinity). Having an acceptance letter in hand from _somewhere_ is pretty relieving at this point, if I'm gonna be honest.  Even though I've visited, there is plenty of stuff that you can only learn from experience of being there, so what things should I know about the school and its culture (or Canada, or Toronto) before I weigh accepting the offer?
0.03 |  IR PoST Hey guys, I'm a first year wanting to apply to the international relations program and noticed that the Trin website said there is no second request period. I need to take a prerequisite course in the summer so I was wondering if I'd be able to apply to IR after second year while still taking the second year IR courses. I really appreciate the help.
0.038 |  Conditional Or Unconditional Offer? Hey. I have received an offer from U of T today. However, I am unsure if it is conditional or not. Under the Terms and Conditions it reads: You have been admitted on the strength of your academic record to date. The University reserves the right to withdraw this offer of admission if you do not maintain your current academic standing, particularly in any of the required courses, and if you fail to obtain the Diploma of the International Baccalaureate. You must arrange to have the International Baccalaureate Office release your final IB grades electronically to the University of Toronto by July 13, 2018.   It also mentioned that I have been accepted to Trinity and there is a orange „Accept Offer“ button. I am yet to receive my IB grades. Any clues?
0.054 |  Applying to UofT. All the resources online for choosing a Collage absolutely suck. Does anyone have advice? Seriously I try to do my research but there is stunningly little information about the differences between the collages at UofT. Every resource I check touts very general information, like Trinity is high achieving and snobby, Woodsworth has apartment style stuff and is above the business classes etc, but nothing specific.   For example, things I want to know about any given collage: Is there a mealplan? Will I have a roomate or is it solo? Where is it located? What is the culture like more specifically than this  &gt;[Collage] is an academic environment where students and professors are committed to building a community that welcomes diversity, embraces creativity and is energized by challenge.  Yeah try to guess which collage that is talking about. The information I can find on all of this is just so general at seems almost meaningless. Are there actual tangible differences from one collage to another? Is it just arbitrary? Online sources have proven thoroughly unhelpful.  Any advice would be gladly appreciated.
0.0 |  Internet at UofT Hey all! Prospective student here.  Just wondering about wifi/ethernet at UofT. I know most dorms have ethernet connections, but are we allowed to connect our own routers? The Trin College policy seemed to say yes as long as it meets some criteria, but anybody know any more on the subject?  Cheers :)
0.05 |  I'm Applying for UofT next year for international affairs(currently a junior) and I've heard that Trinity College is one of the harder colleges to apply to. How difficult is it to get in? Currently in grade 11 with a 90% average with three APs and 4 grade 12 courses 
0.0 |  Why is trin such a big deal? Is there a reason, besides the application process, why trin students seem to be so proud of their college? E.g. Will always make sure to say "studying xxx at Trinity College, UofT" on facebook, linkedin, etc.
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.017 |  Help deciding on my college rankings Hi all! I'm going to apply to the University of Toronto soon and I'm trying to decide on my college rankings. Here's my deal:  I enjoy partying but don't nesicarily want a "party" culture in my college at UoT. I like the idea of apartment style housing over dorms. I want to have some sense of a smaller community and also want to make sure I can get away from the noise of the city if I want to - some green space would be great. My major will be computer science. That being said, I have a range of interests from Environmental and Political Science to Visual Arts. I'm a solid student although I'm not sure if my rigor would be up to par with Trinity or Victoria.  Given this information, my preliminary research, and talking to people that I know go to UoT, this is my ranking of Colleges:  Innis, Woodsworth, Victoria, New, St. Michaels, Trinity, University  Where do you guys live and what would you recommend?  Thanks!  EDIT: I'm down to having Victoria or Innis as my first choice. There can only be one! Which would you guys favor and why?
0.0 |  SOS Is Someone At Trin!? [deleted]
0.053 |  Is the internet at Trinity College residence worse than elsewhere? Ping good enough to game? I came across an older post complaining about the Trinity residence internet being the most unreliable among all the residences. Is that still relevant?  Which residence has the most reliable internet connection? I'm looking for lowish ping for gaming (&lt;100ms) and decent speeds for streaming Netflix.  **Edit:** Thanks everyone, the consensus seems to be that the wireless can be spotty, but the ethernet is fine. I think I can live with that.
0.0 |  IB Requirements I am considering to apply to UofT and I want to know what do I need to get on my predicted to get into the university. The website says 27, but I've heard other sources that say I need something between 29-35. Does this differ between colleges, and if so what do I need to get into Trinity?  Thank You
0.045 |  Internal Transferring from UTM to UTSG Hello, I'm a UTM student who wants to transfer from UTSG. My GPA is pretty bad from first year and I have calculated that if I do well this year (ie 3.7 or +), I will be able to pull it up to just right on 3.0 or 3.2 if aGPA = 4.0, which is unlikely. I know that 3.0 is what a successful transfer requires. However, I am not sure if the colleges differ in the required GPA for a successful transfer. I am  looking at Trinity College. Fascinated by its architecture and small sized community, I would love to become a member of it. Should I put Trinity as first choice? I am worried that it will affect my transfer since by putting down a college with more capacity (eg SMC, NC) as first choice I may be further ensured of a transfer admittance. 
0.0 |  Trin students have started a campaign to move the brown food truck to their side of campus [removed]
0.0 |  Music practice rooms with drums?? Hey, I was wondering if there were any practice rooms with a drum set around the SG campus that I could use to practice throughout the year?  I know of the drum set in Chesnut but I'm in trinity and that's kinda far...   Anyways thanks!
0.0 |  Upcoming College Library book sales at U of T ... If you're new to campus - and even if you're not - you might like to know about four book sales that are coming up at various colleges    [St Mike's College at U of T](https://stmikes.utoronto.ca/booksale/) is having a sale at the end September 27 ~ September 30 2017   [Trinity College](http://www.trinity.utoronto.ca/library_archives/friends/book_sale.html) is having their sale Thursday, October 19th to Monday, October 23rd, 2017   University College is having their sale on [October 13th-16th](http://www.uc.utoronto.ca/fall-sale).  And [Victoria College](http://library.vicu.utoronto.ca/friends/book_sale.html) Thursday, September 21st until Monday, September 25th at Old Vic, 91 Charles St. W. (Museum Subway station). 
0.018 |  Looking to go to U of T, advice wanted! Hey guys!  Looking at applying to U of T for computer science. The OUAC application has got me thinking about which college I want to go to, and I've really fallen in love with the idea of Trinity college. I know you have to write an essay to get in, but is there any con to going to Trinity College as a Computer Science student? Would I be one of the only ones there if I was accepted?  Appreciate all replies, thank you so much in advance!
0.012 |  Choosing a College and Residence Hi there everyone! I'm applying for U of T SG for 2018 and as the title says, I got some questions about choosing a college and residence. A bit of background on me; I'm a Senior and a Canadian currently living in Southeast Asia. I have a huge interest in Politics and History so naturally, I'm inclined to major in Political Science or International Relations. Career-wise, I'm geared towards attaining a Law Degree so I can either end up in the Foreign Service or in a Think Tank. However, I'm keeping an open mind about that at the time being. I do MUN and Student Council as extracurriculars and I did some community outreach immersion with ex-juvy kids. I did well in my Junior Year (GPA of 3.75 out of 4); currently doing AP World History and Comparative Government; I got an ACT score of 27 with an 8 on the essay (Gonna take the October test to raise it); 700 and 640 on my World and US History SAT 2s, respectively.  I did my research and I'm stuck choosing between Trinity and Innis. I know Trinity has a concentration on IR and ESL while Innis has a stream on Cinema, Writing and Urban Studies. Moreover, I'm aware that Trinity and Innis state that they only consider first-choice applicants - Trinity being the college that requires an essay as a supplement. Lastly, I know that whichever college you end up doesn't restrict you from any program. I'm definitely open to either UC and New as my second choices.  From scouring different blogs, information on the U of T site, opinions from people who went to U of T, it seems like Trinity is the most selective amongst the colleges but has a bad rep. Innis seems to be competitive as well. They don't seem to publish statistics about previous incoming classes.   I plan on living in residence throughout my whole 4 years and financials are not much of a concern. I don't really have a preference for a particular type of residence (single rooms, suites) but residences with great amenities and facilities is a huge plus. I've never been on a campus tour however, I've watched a couple of tours on Youtube and seen some photos of the dorms. Out of the two, Innis' residence seems to have more coverage than Trinity.   So here are my questions:  1. Trinity or Innis? - considering my interests in mind.  2. How competitive is it getting into either of the two? Realistic chances?  3. How is the student life/atmosphere in Trinity and Innis? Pros and Cons?  4. Can you be a member of Trinity or Innis but live in another college residence?  5. UC or New as second choices?   Thanks for taking your time reading this. Have a great day!
0.097 |  Press F to pay respect to the colleges roasted by Trinity [removed]
0.081 |  Music practice rooms on campus I'm learning an instrument and looking for places to play on campus. I tried looking at uoft sites but there only seem to be practice rooms for people in New College and Trinity College unless I'm misunderstanding.
0.0 |  Trinity College bagged meals? In particular, are there usually "pre-arranged bagged meals" and "whole fruit" in the dining hall? What kinds of bagged food is there?  I know I can't bring other food out of the dining hall, so I would like to grab a bag and eat it on the way to class (I'm an amazingly fast eater).
