0.053 |  any insights on the uoft colleges? {university college} hi I just got into uoft university college and I honestly didn't do much research about the colleges when I applied I only watch like tours on yt? so can y'all give me a few insights about uc anything good or bad would be appreciated ty
0.0 |  Which is better for the summer - Morrison Hall vs Wetmore Hall? [removed]
0.042 |  the First-Year Engineering Residence - Chestnut or University College Hi, I am recently admitted to Engineering. I am applying for residence mainly for meeting new people and making friends, as I heard it is hard to know people from the 1000-people first-year lectures.   Dilemma:   My family has an apartment near UofT (about 15 min walk), which makes it not worth applying to Chestnut (since Chestnut is also about 15 min walk to UofT). However, I heard it is really great to live with fellow engineering students for the tighter bond, helping/learning from each other, similar schedules, etc. So it is hard for me to decide.   In the end, I have two options: Chestnut or requesting to go to University College (which is closer to campus and you get to meet more people).  I would really appreciate your advice, thank you!
0.0 |  The question: Should I go with UofT? So I was recently admitted to Rotman Commerce but I have not made the decision yet because I have some solid US universities like UCLA, UCSD, UC Irvine and UVA on my admitted list. My parents and I are having a debate over the topic of matriculating in UofT or those US universities. Since I have never been in UofT before, can everyone give me a pro-con about matriculating in UofT. Much thanks!
0.071 |  The StarRez Application: Woodsworth vs. University College Currently, I'm stuck on whether to choose Woodsworth or University residence as my first preference on the StarREz application. Ik I definitely don't want to apply to Chesnut. I heard that University College has a lot of really nice single rooms, but I don't want to have a double room, and I don't see anywhere on the StarRez application where I can say I would prefer a single room. Are first years guaranteed to be in a single room, or is it random? Are you randomly allocated to a residence building (Whitney, Sir Dan, Morrison)? Another concern is all-gender bathrooms... it makes me feel a bit iffy having to share bathrooms with the other gender. Woodsworth seems great, but I heard it can be a hit or miss if you get really bad suitemates. Currently leaning more toward Woodsworth, but I'm just worried about the suitemates. Any opinions? I'm also going to be studying Life Sciences, so I was wondering which college would be best location-wise.
0.0 |  The best study spots that isn't Gerstein? I always study in Gerstein but is there another spot? someone told me UC was pretty good
0.013 |  Questions about UC (placement, guests) Hey, I’ve recently been admitted to UofT and I’ll be living in residence likely at University College - I still have some questions that I can’t find the answers to online so I’d really appreciate any help.  1. How do placements work? Are we able to choose what hall we prefer and when does this become available?  2. What is the current guest policy at UC? Are they chill with people having guests over or nah? 3. Is the meal plan at UC decent? Is the cafe currently open?   Thanks so much!
0.0 |  interesting icicle formations on a tree near UC 
0.0 |  Questions about UofT St. George and University College [removed]
0.031 |  Cognitive Science Major Questions I'm an international student who’s already been accepted to the U of T Class of 2027 with admission to New College under the Physical and Mathematical Sciences category. My anticipated major is Cognitive Science, but I've noticed that it's listed under University College programs. I was wondering if I could major in CogSci as a student at New College, or if I no longer have the option available to me. (As an additional question is it possible for me to transfer to UC)
0.146 |  Have I made a mistake by choosing UC? I got into university college but I didn’t really do research before applying and I fear that I didn’t choose the right one. I will be living on campus.
0.0 |  How is the food at university college [removed]
0.0 |  University College Residence help Hi, I just got into UofT (University College) a few days ago and I was researching about the three residences in university college, Whitney hall, Sir Daniel Wilson Residence and Morrison Hall. Could someone give me some information about the diffrences between the three residences eg. food, atmosphere etc? Thank you!!!
0.029 |  Question abt colleges and scholarships I just got my offer of admission for the main St George campus for U of T (humanities), and had a couple of questions:  \- How is University College like? I applied for Victoria College but I guess I didn't get it because it wasn't on my letter of admission (is there an acceptance/rejection letter for vic since there's a separate application?), feeling a little depressed about it so can anyone let me know if the colleges really matter and if UC is just as good?  \- When do I know if I got a scholarship or not? Maybe I just didn't receive any since I had indicated I wasn't in need of financial aid, but I have read other threads of people saying they received a scholarship notif for the main campus a week to a month after their admission letter was sent. I got scholarships for the two other campuses in the letters so wanting to know if its a waiting game or not lol  I just got my offer of admission to the main St George campus for U of T (humanities), and had a couple of questions: Any other advice for me going into U of T would be greatly appreciated! U of T is my first choice but I am still keeping my options open for a bit! \^\_\^
0.08 |  How do I get from UC to Lassonde Mining building in this construction? I have class at Lassonde Mining building at 11:10am, but I have a class at UC from 10-11am that usually goes over a few minutes, already giving me no time to make it to class on time. But the construction in front of UC is soooo bad, it has completely blocked off my route to Lassonde Mining and I genuinely don’t know how to get to that class anymore without taking an unreasonably long route that — combined with the fact my 10am course goes over time — makes attending lecture impossible  unless I arrive incredibly late which is embarrassing and seems disrespectful.  If anyone knows a quick way to maneuver around the construction, that would be great. Or, better yet, if anyone is in PHL200 with Doug Campbell and wouldn’t mind sparing their notes, it would be greatly appreciated.
0.0 |  anyone here playing hogwarts legacy and all they can think of is campus, especially buildings like UC, VC, TC title.  i’ve been playing the last few days and all i can think of is my last 4 seasonal years here. it doesn’t help that i’ve had plenty of classes at UC and VC too.
0.0 |  UC FIREBALL......................... Hey who's going to the UC Fireball? Its my first time, what do I wear?
0.0 |  Summer 2023 Residence: New College or University College? I'm planning to take courses during the summer and will be working downtown. I have decided to apply for summer residence at New College and University College. I never got to leave on residence before and saw this to be a good opportunity to get that experience. For those of you who have lived on res at New College or University College, how was your experience living there and which one is better for the summer? Or should I just try to find a off campus rental?
0.0 |  New College or University College for Summer 2023 Residence ? I'm planning to take courses during the summer and  will be working downtown. I have decided to apply for summer residence at New College and University College. I never got to leave on residence before and saw this to be a good opportunity to get that experience.   &amp;#x200B;  For those of you who have lived on res at New College or University College, how was your experience living there and which one is better for the summer? Or should I just try to find a off campus rental?
0.055 |  "There are no viruses" written all over campus I keep seeing this message written on the walls and signed by Stephan Lanka PhD and Christine Massey MS.  So far I've seen it at: Robarts, Gerstein, Sid Smith and UC.
0.0 |  In UC Library rn, my prof just sent this to me after I talked to him about watches after class 
0.0 |  Anyone want to give us a tour of their residence? My friend and I currently live on campus and we want to see what every UofT residence looks like! If you live at any of the following residences and would like to show us (two girls) around, we’d really appreciate it :)  In exchange, we’ll give you your choice of: (1) homemade cookies (no weed) (2) a pink preroll (rolled by us) (3) five hits of a sakura grape elfbar (4) two new friends :D  – Chestnut – Chelsea – St. Hilda’s – Trinity – Woodsworth – New – Victoria (any) – UC (any) – St. Mike’s (any) – Innis  BONUS: Campus One, Tartu
0.0 |  parking at Kings college circle ??? I haven't been back on campus for a while , maybe 3 years ? I have class at UC this term and drove there like I usually would and I thought I could just park in front of the side door of UC but I realized they are doing construction there now...does anyone have any suggestions as to where I should park for class at UC ? I only have one class from 5-7 and only once a week.
0.0 |  Why UC sends me LWD/CRNCR deadline of Dec 7th to me today? I received this email this morning from UC saying if I consider CR/NCR, LWD, the deadline is Dec. 7th.  I wonder why this is sent so late? Or does this indicates something about my semester?  Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  Where is the entrance of the University college library??????? I used google map. But as you all know, the main door is closed due to the construction. Then where is the entrance??? Google map says it is open during the daytime
0.047 |  University College (UC) vs Woodsworth College Hi! I'm starting to think about residence and I'm stuck between UC and Woodsworth. I value a nice room but also I really would love to stay somewhere with a good social life. I've heard that because Woodsworth doesn't have a dining hall, you can get quite lonely and it's common to not get to know the people in your building. I've also heard Morrison at UC is quite nice but how do the two colleges compare overall when it comes to the quality of residence + social life?
0.0 |  University college grad photos? Anyone know when is university college students turn to take grad photos if graduating next june?   I have seen some other college students taken theirs already.
0.025 |  Which college is best for a social science student? I'm a prospective first year and I have to list down my college preferences for the application... I'd be living in residence and choosing based on location (close to social science lectures), food options (I'm a vegetarian), community (good social scene), and facilities (prefer a spacious bedroom and a private/shared bathroom instead of a communal one). Right now my choices are vic, new college, university college, and trinity in no particular order.
0.0 |  Best Building in University College? [removed]
0.101 |  Ethernet in UC Residence? Is there an ethernet port in Sir Dans? I was gonna bring my PC it but if there’s no port i don’t think i can.
0.06 |  My life as a Homeless student at U of T. -- a guide.  INTRO: I am not poor or broke or nothing. I just refuse to tolerate this shitty capitalist Toronto housing market. I’ve been living and studying rent free for the last 3 months since the last minute lease I was trying to get fell through. When classes started I figured I’d try and figure out how to live in robarts while I found housing, but since then it has become a lifestyle that is pretty satisfying tbh, and allows me to save a lot of money.     Sleeping: I sleep at Robarts commons, on the armchairs on the fifth floor (If you’ve been there at 3AM you’ve probably seen me sleeping in the front area with all the armchairs and the wierd desk chair things). You can gather the pillows from the common sitting area for elevated sleep experince. I keep a blanket in my backpack at all times. It keeps me warm against the cold in literal weather sense and metaphorically against the cold UofTears culture.    Clothing and cleanliness: I have a locker at the AC, which didn’t cost me anything because I found 2 day lockers and just slapped a lock on it. I keep my clothes in there, as well as a bar of soap, my toothbrush and toothpaste, deoderant, and a towel. I shower there every morning after my workout (its bulking season my dudes).     I wash my clothes at student residences, I just slip in with my laundry bag behind some clueless first years and just act natural. Usually I try to sneak into UC or Innis, but not New College, as they require a fob for the laundry room. I don’t go to woodsworth because they have coin operated that you have to pay for, not worth my toonie.    Leisure: Like a lot of u of t students, I don’t have much of a social life. I have a couple of friends who I’ll study with sometimes, and occasionally I crash at their places (if we’ve been drinking or smthn). For fun, I practice piano in Hart House, feed the squirrels in the UC quad, and scroll through reddit.    Mental Health: Parts of this lifestyle is kinda depressing, and U of T is pretty stressful as is. Not gunna lie, I spend some time crying, and try to cope through watching anime. Schools meant to be stressful i guess, and I figure there’s only a year and a half left in my schooling, I can hold out till then. I try to cope with my depression by going on regular walks through Queens park and Scholar’s walk. It really helps.    Family: My parents don’t really know about this, and tbh, they don’t ask, I just told them that I rent a place off of Bloor for cheap. What they don’t know wont hurt them. I think my older brother suspects that something isn’t quite right: I had to be really cagey last time he passed through the city, told him my place was being deep cleaned for roaches. But I don’t think he’ll tell them, he’s pretty busy, and not a nosy dude in general.    Food: Because I’m spending money on rent, I can actually afford good healthy food. This helps me stay healthy, (probably healthier than you reading this). I snack on PB&amp;J and baby carrots since bread and peanut butter don’t need to be refrigerated (I buy a new bag of baby carrots almost every day). I know a first year at New who occasionally lets me use his meal plan. I also eat out regularly since I can now afford it since I don’t pay rent. 40$ hot pot every sunday? Hell ya — I could pretty much do it every day with my savings!   Conclusion: I recognize that this probably isn’t the life for everyone, but it’s worked really well for me thus far. I’m not at university to live out some type of “college experience”, I’m just here to get my degree and hopefully a good paying job when I graduate. I’m going to graduate debt free, and I’ll have enough savings stashed away to almost put a down payment on a house (I’m hoping prices crash before I graduate). I hope this guide helps anyone who like me, are just tryna get through university as fast as possible, and move on to better things, without struggling with this overpriced city’s rental market.
0.0 |  What College in St. George? I'm currently a high school student trying to apply for Rotman Commerce at UoT and I heard Victoria and University college is really nice, but not planning to be a res, so will it matter?
0.0 |  'Thoughtfully conceived': University College revitalization praised in Canadian Architect magazine 
0.0 |  How to enter UC library? Construction Hi. I’m wanting to visit the university college. However, I noticed there is construction around UC. I was wondering if the UC LIbrary is just closed or if there is another entrance to enter? Thanks everyone!
0.039 |  Which St. George college? I'm a high school student currently trying to apply for CS at the St. George campus and I'm not so sure which college to choose. Could someone give me the pros and cons of each one? Currently, I have Innis, Woodsworth, and University College in that order. Would appreciate it if someone could help me.
0.025 |  anyone in UC taking uni198 ? hey, is anyone from UC here currently taking UNI198? i want to switch from one seminar course (MAT199...i'm sorry but i don't think i can bear a 3-hour lecture, no matter how enjoyable, especially after another MAT lecture in the morning) to another and this is one of the available ones that seems interesting to me. if you are taking it, how was the first lecture today? does the course seem worth taking so far?
0.0 |  In Course Scholarships My daughter asked if anyone received University College In-Course Scholarships this fall.  If you did, when was the scholarship deposited to Acorn?
0.0 |  Need help choosing between New College and University College [deleted]
0.596 |  ghost sighting at uc :O 
0.062 |  Is it worth it to live on residence? Sorry if this question has been beaten to death.  Hi all,   I have recently started talking with my mom about my living situation for school next year- specifically what would happen if I got into UofT which is my top choice. Due to some complicated personal/living/housing/family circumstances, we've mutually agreed I won't be able to stay at home anymore.   I always assumed I'd live on res for first year and figure it out after that but have recently gotten the wake-up call that living on residence is about 1700$ a month (I ranked UC first). In light of this, the thought of getting/sharing an apartment or renting out a room etc. seems significantly more appealing. With my current monthly income, I can cover expenses if rent is about 1000$  but 1700$ is totally out of the question.   Ultimately my question is if it is worth it live on residence first year and worry about the cost/debt later? I have tried asking people and there seem to be very split opinions- either that I should save the money and prioritize keeping costs as low as possible or living on residence first year is a must if you want to make friends.   tldr: money vs. potentially making no friends because I won't be living in a residence? What do : (
0.024 |  Will I be considered for Wordsworth residence? I was just admitted to Woodsworth arts and sciences. I didn't put Woodsworth as my first choice on my app, so my residence application says:  " Our records indicate that you did not choose Woodsworth College as your first choice college on your OUAC application.   This means that you will be placed in Chestnut Residence (very likely) or University College Residence (less likely)."  Is there any way I will be placed in Wordsworth residence? I hear those are the nicest dorms, and chestnut kind of sucks as a freshman?   Also has anyone been in either of these residences? are they any good?
0.0 |  Year or Semester Abroad As a U of T Industrial Engineering student is it possible to do a year or semester abroad at UC Berkely Industrial Engineering program even though they are not part of U of T exchange program or is that impossible?
0.0 |  St. George Campus, looking for help on which college to rank 1st 2nd and 3rd for a computer science undergrad degree Innis College, St Micheal's College, University College, Victoria College, New College, Woodsworth College.  :)
0.0 |  Graduating scholarships - how to apply? I'm graduating from UC this year, and all the awards that need an application listed on the UC website simply say "application required" and I cannot for the life of me find/figure out where to find this application!  Any ideas?  thanks
0.0 |  Which college do I apply to American student applying for life sciences  I’ve heard new College was good for life sciences and close to the classes  I’ve also heard that Trinity was prestigious   University college is apparently close to a lot of classes, and Vic has nice people  I won’t lie: prestige sounds nice, but I want a social life and I don’t want to walk through 20 minutes of snow across campus.   Which should I apply to?
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.014 |  Should I transfer to UofT if I hope to get into MIT, Stanford, etc for engineering grad school? I’m currently 2nd year in mechanical engineering at York University. I have a decent GPA (3.49/4 US equivalent). I’m working on getting it to an 8/9 (3.8) by the time I graduate. I’m from the states and really want to do grad school in the top institutions Back home such as MIT, Stanford, Cornell, Carnegie Mellon, UC Berkeley, etc. Right now I’m starting research with an Oxford alumni professor at York. I want to rack up research experience and get atleast 3.8 gpa US equivalent. I’ve went through LinkedIn and see a few UofT names that went to mit for grad school. Should I transfer for JR &amp; SR years to UofT for the prestige? And risk starting over? Does it even matter?
0.0 |  Which college do I apply to for life sciences? Can I apply to university college or do I have to apply to another college?
0.051 |  Weird lady in UC Junior Common Room today. Hey guys, Not sure if anyone else saw this but.. I was in the Junior Common Room around 3:30 today and there was an older lady with brown hair in a black jacket. She had a croissant from Diabolos and she looked like any normal administration person BUT she was acting a little strange. Like she was  talking to herself super loud, switching between all these different voices and characters. At one point it seemed like she was giving an impromptu performance or memoir or something right in the middle of the JCR. She was talking about Harry Potter with a raspy voice and occasionally switched to a British accent. She started banging on the piano at one point. Everyone was caught up in their own work and didn’t really notice other than a couple glances.  I am a really paranoid person and at one point she made eye contact with me and almost started preforming at me from across the room. I packed my stuff up and ran out of there. Anyone in the JCR know who she is and what she was doing? Was she like a drama teacher or something? Something about that situation gave me bad vibes.... the voices she was doing were creepy.
0.0 |  Which college should I apply to if I want an apartment style res? Hi, I'm a grade 12 student applying into Life Science at St. George Campus and wanted opinions on which apartment-style college to apply to? I'm not too much of a party student and I would like for res to be close to where classes would be. I was considering vic but read that it's far from where classes are at.   Side note, is St. Michael College super religious?  And thoughts on NC vs. UC?
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.0 |  University College &amp; other colleges Residence Questions On the website it's stated that the floors are gender inclusive and the washrooms are also gender inclusive. How does this work? Did anyone have unconfortable experiences with this or is it just fine?
0.0 |  Lennon Wall has been set up to voice support for Hong Kong. It’s located outside UTSU between UC and Gerstein. Go check it out! 
0.038 |  Victoria College So I filled out and submitted my student profile thing for Vic &amp; was wondering what the dorm situation is actually like... How likely is it really for a first year to get a single room because I really DO NOT want to share and am wondering if UC would be the better option after all for single rooms and all around rezlife??  Any opinions on UC or Vic would be great right now thanks :))
0.103 |  Changing residence I'm thinking of changing residence and moving into either Innis or University College. The residence I'm in now is pretty dead so it's depressing. I'm hoping Innis might be better because it's suite-mates? Does anyone know what I need to do to change residence and if I need to have certain grades as an upper-year?
0.0 |  morrison guest room hi i read in the uc res handbook that there are guest rooms that can be booked? i know whitney has some, but i was wondering if morrison or maybe even sir dans had guest rooms that i could book
0.0 |  New College VS Innis VS University College Hi! I'm an international student applying to UofT next year for Life Sciences, and I will be living on campus. I was going through the colleges to rank, and so far, I'm liking Innis, New College, and University College the most, though I'm still looking at the others. I've done my research on the location of these places, the meal plans, and so on, but I kinda want to know about the vibe at each college? Like what is the community like, how tight knit is it, what is the social life like, is it easy to make friends, what are the LLCs, etc. any help on any of the colleges would be appreciated!!  Thank you!!
0.045 |  UC designed by Daedalus? I stg I’m finding a different route to get to my same classroom in the basement every week. Today there were some guys loading stuff through the east entrance, then some man was repainting in the basement when I got through the south side entrance. First day we got back the main door was unlocked but of course it’s under construction so no entry to classes from there.   Been here 4 years and they’re still fucking renovating. When will it end??? I just want to get to class without needing to find a new route every day.
0.0 |  anyone else see this hawk with the squirrel in front of UC yesterday? 
0.013 |  Recent Grads &amp; Awards Hi, all! I'm hoping there are some recent grads around. I graduated in June 2019 and two days ago I just got an email from UC saying that I was awarded a scholarship for the 2018-2019 Fall/Winter session. I received this scholarship last year too and this year they're offering me significantly more money which I am super excited about. I'm lowkey nervous though because last year there was an emailing issue where I was emailed twice about the same award within the range of a few months which made me think that I had received the award for two different years. I don't want to get my hopes up in case this is the issue again but the award amount is different from last time so I'm just curious if any recent grads have gotten scholarship emails recently for their final year of study. I think I'm gonna email anyway because I want to be sure but I'd love to know if anyone else has gotten an award announcement from their registrar.
0.0 |  whitney hall deliveries i read in the residence handbook that for uc res, they’ll email you if you have a package to pickup. i was wondering how long after your package arrives do they usually send that email? since i bought something on amazon and it said it was delivered 12 hours ago, however i have yet to receive an email about it. i live in whitney hall
0.075 |  Where can I buy a shower caddy/basket near UC? I’ve looked everywhere - Walmart, Bed Bath and Beyond, Bath and Body Works, Shopper’s, Loblaw’s, No Frills, Dollarama, etc
0.153 |  How do you guys connect to WiFi in UC..... I didn't receive anything correaponding to it :(
0.0 |  Convocation dates I'm planning to go on a trip during May-June 2020 but I'm also expected to graduated June 2020. I emailed someone and they said dates are finalized after December 31, 2019 but I wanted to get an idea of the dates previous years. If you graduated, if you can comment below when during June you graduated that would help me get a sense of convocation dates.   Btw i'm in University College if that makes a difference. Thank you!
0.0 |  Orientatiosn Does anyone recommend going to UC day? I was thinking of just going to Pre UofT cuz its a shorter orientation but got an email saying UC day is recommended to go to
0.369 |  UC frosh week Who else is missing frosh week??? I wish I could go but because of some issues with my admission and visa I’ll probably end up missing it 😭😭😭😭
0.0 |  When do we receive automatic scholarships from our colleges. I’m with UC.
0.059 |  what is the difference between colleges ? heyo, sry for my english if its bad not my first language ;v. but whats diference between colleges (like st mike, victoria, uc, etc,,,)   thx!
0.172 |  Any UC dudes? What is up with that residence fees yo.... Can we pay before the invoice shows up? Freaking out bout that deadline.
0.0 |  Wait so is the real UofT UTSG UC? Wikipedia states that UC is the founding college of St. George, so the #1 in Canada ranking of UofT belongs to UC?
0.048 |  University College Has Been AWFUL at Meeting Deadlines and Keeping Students Up-To-Date The first problem I had with UC was when rooms were being assigned. EVERY other person I know going to University and staying in residence, even other UofT residences, had their room assignments before we did. This was a problem as I didn't know if I was going to have a single or a double room until August 9th, meaning I couldn't begin buying appliances, choosing room decor, etc. due to the possibility of me being roomed with someone and not wanting to overlap with appliances and/or having room decor they did not like. This also meant that I didn't know the cost of the room until the rooms were finally assigned, as the price varies between a single and a double.  The second problem that I am facing now is that they haven't updated the invoice to include residence fees. These fees are due on the 29th, and I am still unable to get money out of my RESP due to there being no official invoice for these fees. To their credit, UC did send out an e-mail last week stating that the invoice would be updated at the beginning of next week, but the invoice is still not updated as of Wednesday at 6:30 PM, and I imagine they are closed for the day and will not be updating it.  Furthermore, the initial e-mail received on the 9th including room assignments said that the invoice would be updated on the 7th, which also goes to show that they didn't check over the e-mail before sending it. Additionally, this proves that they are currently a whole two weeks behind whatever schedule they normally stick to.   I don't know what went wrong this year but they need to make sure it doesn't happen next year.
0.0 |  is the new college really new? and is university college a university or a college?
0.134 |  Where can you see the residence fees you have to pay? University College said they would post our fees on Monday, but I still can’t find them. I assumed they would be on Acorn, but i’m guessing i’m wrong?
0.034 |  In Course Scholarships? Just wondering if anyone received the in course scholarships already? I'm not talking about admission scholarships, instead I'm asking about the ones they automatically give you based on your grades. I was under the impression they'd be given out in August but I haven't received any so maybe my grades weren't competitive enough? For those who did receive scholarships, what was your grade in the course/overall gpa? I'm from UC btw, with a 3.9 GPA.
0.0 |  Is UC Thrive helpful? If it's helpful, in what terms? Does attending orientations provide any academic advantage over the people who didn't attend any orientation?  There is also something called  **PRE U OF T** ( Program Engagement). Is it helpful? Is it ok if I only attend PRE UofT?
0.0 |  UC RESIDENCE FEES Soo have any of ya’ll see your fees on your invoice? The email said they would be posted by the 7th, but still nothing so far.....the deadline is coming up on the 28th too....ahhh
0.0 |  Whitney Hall Residence So we got our room assignments and I'm in Whitney :)  Is there anything I should know about it, anything I should definitely bring if I want to survive res?  Does anyone have any experience in a Whitney double room (particularly Falconer House)?
0.211 |  To those on the UC Residence waitlist Please drop out if you found other accommodation, mans struggling out here
0.09 |  Why does UC only have 1 thing on its roof? http://www.aviewoncities.com/img/toronto/kveca0638s.jpg  You know what I'm talking about. The little cone/triangle on top-center portion of the building. The right side has it but the left side doesn't.  Surely there has to be a reason.   Please someone help me out. I'm going into third year and this question has kept me up at night for the past 2 years :(
0.011 |  Are there classes during frosh week? Hey there! I've been told that there are classes during the first week of school. I'm part of University College and our frosh week is 6 days long, however the timings for the events interfere with my classes. There is also the 2 days academically oriented frosh week (Thrive) which is what I am considering at this point. I don't want to miss class and I think I can still get to know UofT with the smaller orientation but I wanted to hear what others have to say about this.
0.0 |  Single Room in Morrison Hall I got my room assignment and it says UC-single-M,  Does anyone know what the M means?
0.0 |  residence fees where can i find the residence fees on acorn? im in uc res and the email said the fees would be posted aug 7 (that email itself was sent aug 9), but when i go onto to acorn, all i can see are my tuition fees?
0.0 |  Single room B Whitney hall? I just got my room assignment and it is on the 3rd floor of Whitney Hall. It's a Single-B. Is this a regular single? A small single?
0.0 |  Anyone in UC residence? Hey, so I am headed to UofT in the fall (from BC) and I was just wondering if anyone is in Morrison??   If so, is there anything you suggest I bring or buy for my room? I understand that we have a meal plan so is a plate and a few utensils necessary? Is the floor carpeted?   Thank you for reading!!
0.0 |  UC still hasnt told me my residence info... Is it just me? Is it just UC? whats going on lol
0.0 |  OWeek hi! i am part of new college but i will be living at uc. which orientation should i join?
0.0 |  room assignments at uc upper years, when did you get your room assignments during your first year?
0.0 |  UC Residence Hey, has anyone heard back from UC with room assignments? I was supposed to hear from the by today, but so far nothing.......
0.0 |  UofT Minecraft Server    [It's time gamers. ](https://i.redd.it/jhkm89zzdne31.png)  [UofT eSports](https://discord.gg/uoftesports) is proud to announce the grand public opening of the UTMC (UofT Minecraft) server! We know Minecraft isn't an eSport, but it's fun and accessible so all gamers—Smash, Overwatch, and LoL players alike—and non-gamers can build, mine, and craft together. Come check out our UC, Con Hall, Robarts, and food truck builds!  Please join the [UTMC Discord](https://discord.gg/BamT3Ba) for more information!
0.0 |  Anyone received their room assignments for UC res yet? 
0.0 |  Is university college a fun res? 
0.0 |  Can I rent a room for a night at UC? Read somewhere that students can do that for like $20 and just wanted to know if it has any truth to it.
0.025 |  UTM Mature Student Bridging pathways vs UofT At George Woodsworth Mature pathway So I have been admitted to Part time Academic bridging pathway at UTM I had barriers to enter formal/undergrad education because I am an immigrant and there were certain requirements which I couldn't fulfill.  Anyhow so my Question is   Is this a sound option because I am pretty broke and already work part time so paying of that part time OSAP loan is also a factor   The deadline for Bridging program at St George Woodsworth college is still open I was considering it because it's a full time program but the courses are 3 full credit While at UTM I have option to take one half credit this fall then two half credit in next semester which seems very easy.  After clearing these courses I will be admitted to A B.A degree if score 72% on an average.  My End Goal is Doing a Degree in Cognitive computational science which is only at University College Schools of arts and sciences at St George.   But since I am desperate and loosing lots of time I am considering the UTM option too because maybe if I get admitted to a B.A program there then if I am able to somehow later transfer into Cognitive Sciences downtown   Please feel free to give your input I have to apply for OSAP etc very soon  And the deadline for woodsworth college is 29th July so....
0.02 |  Share Your UofT Tips Here! Spread the Knowledge on what UofT offers it's Students EDIT: I'm gonna update this post as much as I can and submit a final list to the mods so that they can hopefully pin it to the top of this sub. Keep posting your tips!  EDIT 2: I love the fact that people are coming up with so much stuff. But let's keep this on topic please. While the discounts at various stores online or otherwise are definitely amazing, this post was meant to list the things the UNIVERSITY offers to us for free(or what we're already paying for!)  For example, in a [recent post](https://www.reddit.com/r/UofT/comments/cgrgvr/i_understand_if_you_want_to_opt_out_of_some/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) in this community, a lot of us got to know that SEC offers free sex-related resources and supplies like condoms, lubricant etc.  Another example: I(an incoming first year engineering student) was talking to an upper-year student about buying a printer. Only then I got to know that engineers can print upto 1000 pages per year for free at the Sandford Fleming building.  It turns out that all the resources that we pay for aren't properly advertised by UofT and this is leading to most of us opting out of most of the incidental fees.  Everyone please try to share ANYTHING that you feel can be useful to another student. It could be a lesser known resource that the university offers (like SEC resources) that we've already paid for, or even just a small piece of advice which could potentially save us time/money/energy/headaches.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit(s): Some more tips:  * Get a 3% cashback on your tuition fee if you use PayTM. * You can stream media free of cost here: [https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand](https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand). It has tons of movies and TV shows * You are also entitled to a free Microsoft Office subscription as a UofT Student * **FREE FOOD:**    * ***Muffin Madness*** Where: Multi-Faith Center, 569 Spadina Avenue When: [Wednesdays at 4pm](https://www.studentlife.utoronto.ca/mf/muffin-madness)    * ***Tea Social*** Where: Hart House Reading Room When: [Tuesdays, 11-1](http://harthouse.ca/events/tea-social-2-2015-09-29/)    * ***UC Tea and Cookies*** Where: Commuter Student Centre When: [Monday-Thursday, 2:30-3:30](http://thevarsity.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/2013-Student-Handbook.pdf)    * ***Pancake Brunch i*** Where: UC Commuter Student Centre When: [Thursday, October 22nd, 11-1](https://www.facebook.com/events/1493523900943717/)    * ***Pancake Brunch ii*** Where: Cat’s Eye Student Pub and Lounge, Victoria College When: [Wednesdays, 10-2](https://www.facebook.com/voca.commuter)    * ***Pancake Brunch iii*** When: Woodsworth College Where: [Wednesdays, Kruger Hall, 12-2](https://www.facebook.com/events/1081562328521148/) * You are able to access free courses as a UofT student on Lynda and here: [https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto](https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto) * Writing Centres at UofT can help you turn drafts into masterpieces. * UTSU's tax clinic can help you with your tax paperwork if you are earning less than 40K per year. All you have to do is book an appointment online. The Center for International Experience also helps UofT international students(undergrad AND postgrad) with tax-related work. * [Spotify membership at $5/month](https://www.spotify.com/ca/student/) * Apple Music membership at $5/month * Get an [SPC Card](https://spccard.ca/deals) and an [ISIC Card](https://www.isic.org/discounts/) to avail a ton of discounts on almost everything. * You can find almost all of your textbooks for free on [Library Genesis](https://libgen.is/) * Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Visual Studio Enterprise, Windows 10 Education, Adobe CC, Norton AntiVirus through OnHub. * GitHub student pack * Students who are enrolled in a CS-related course get free prints at Bahen (300 pages per semester with carryover for a max of 600) and a free student license for Jetbrain IDE's. * Free access to [Naxos music library](https://login.library.utoronto.ca/index.php?url=http://utoronto.naxosmusiclibrary.com/homepage.asp) for people who like classical music * The university health insurance plan also fully covers one checkup per year. * Engineers get free 3D printing and laser cutting at Myhal * Copies of past exams from several departments can be accessed through the various links on [this page](https://onesearch.library.utoronto.ca/faq/where-can-i-find-old-exams). * Free use of an HTC vibe and other VR headsets as well as low cost 3D printing at the MAD lab in Gerstein. * The Grad Room offers some excellent professional development workshops for graduate students, and has a nice lounge space.
0.065 |  UC Orientation?? Hey! I’m a new student going into University College. I’ve already registered for Thrive but I’m still tempted to join the big 6-day orientation. Is it worth it? Can I cancel my Thrive and join that instead if I do decide to attend that instead?  Update: I decided to join it and cancel my thrive a few days ago. Thanks everyone!
0.026 |  Enrolling in both fall and winter section of a course during course enrolment? I was wondering if I would be able to enrol in both the fall and winter sessions of CSC165 when course enrolment opens. I've emailed the UC registrar and ArtSci registrar and I've gotten conflicting answers, the former saying I will be kicked out of one of the sessions if I enrol in both, and the latter saying that I should be able to enrol in both. Does anyone know who's right? Has anyone successfully enrolled in both sections of a course which was a POSt requirement before?
0.0 |  UC one courses don't have an exam, but do seminar courses have exams at the end? 
0.044 |  Still haven’t received information on which room I’ll be getting. Should I be contacting my college? Hello,  I’m supposedly moving into University College starting this fall but they still haven’t told me which building/room I’ll be getting. A while back, they sent an email saying that I’ve accepted the UC offer and that I should know my room info by June or July.   Should I be contacting them?  Am i the only one without a room? lol
0.063 |  Applying to One Programs So I’m hoping to be enrolled into a UC One program but on ACORN the program was blocked (it was there but it didnt allow me to put it in the cart). On the artsci timetable it says to contact the department but on the UC website they say that you can join it through the usual course enrollment process.   What do I do?
0.138 |  Lost Tcard I lost my Tcard today while biking from Enrolment Office to UC along St. George St. If anyone found a Tcard (#1005620197), pls pm me. Thank you.
0.0 |  University College Residence I completed the application on StarPortal, payed my deposit and sent in a form which my parents had to sign (I’m under 18), but StarPortal still states my application status as “OFFERED” not “OFFER ACCEPTED”. Is this normal? Is anyone else in the same position? I’d really appreciate any insight.
0.019 |  Kings College Circle Hi guys, I wanted to know if Kings college circle was closed off (The grass part) right now or if it will be in July. I wanted to take some pictures over there since I have graduated and didnt in my entire 4 years there get to take a picture in front of UC. I couldn't attend my graduation so I never even got that opportunity. Please let me know if I should make the trip to campus if Kings college is still open. P.S. this may be a stupid question but is it common for people to rent a graduation gown and take pictures on campus after graduating?
0.071 |  Constant Church Bells from Hart House????? Hi all,  &amp;#x200B;  I am a visiting student from Winnipeg, taking summer courses at the U of T. I am staying at University College (Morrison Hall) and for the past month (?) or so I have been being driven absolutely bananas by the constant church bells being played out of the Hart House bell tower. This is completely unbelievable. They play seemingly all day, for 30 minutes or so every hour? Or, for an hour at a time taking a few breaks throughout the day? I haven't been able to work out their exact schedule yet. But it seems to be basically all of the time, with 20 minute stops.  &amp;#x200B;  Can anyone comment on this? Is this a temporary thing? I don't remember them being this bad when I first got here. Is there some Christian cause of celebration that I'm unaware of? Will this end in the foreseeable future? I have googled it and can't seem to turn anything up. But as soon as I find out some sort of responsible body, I plan to write immediately in complaint. This is ridiculous. Once a week would be fine, or every day for 10-15 minutes. But all day, 5 days a week? Cannot understand this. I feel like I'm going to explode. I have a final in one week!!
0.048 |  Start of Winter Session for International Students Hey everyone!!  &amp;#x200B;  I am a first year International student was just wondering what date I need to be in Toronto? I looked over the calendar but am very confused since the calendar only mentions workshops and summer transition orientations? I am in UC CS btw   &amp;#x200B;  Really appreciate any help I can get.
0.0 |  Summer at UofT as Exchange Student Hi everyone, I will be going to UofT for the second summer session, as an exchange student! I'd appreciate it very much if you guys can help me out with a few questions:  1. Are there any clubs or societies in the summer that I can join? Is there any website or location on campus where I can find out about such happenings? I'm particularly interested in a hiking group. 2. I'll be staying on campus, Whitney Hall in particular, and the website states that we need to bring our own cooking equipment and utensils. However, as it will be a hassle to bring these to Toronto, do dorm pantries usually already have cooking equipment/utensils (perhaps left by former residents)? 3. Lastly, is there any sort of Facebook group or network for exchange students this summer?  Thanks in advance! :D
0.111 |  Is it too late to apply for residence? I commuted first year and it was hell. I just applied to UC residence albeit very late. Is there still a possibility my application will go through? Also, any tips for off campus housing?
0.047 |  Post for all incoming first years in life sci I'm writing this so that, hopefully, when a Gr. 12 kid asks a question about UofT I can just point them here. Keep in mind, I am a 2nd year student so most of my info is up to date-but I don’t know much about grad school/med school.  First of all, congratulations! You got into the best uni in Canada, and one of the best in the world. If you're international, Toronto is a great city! I hope you come to love it as much as I do. If you're commuting-may God be with you when the TTC decides to have an hour delay. So, you probably have some questions concerning UofT. Here are some of the most often mentioned ones;  -Is UofT hard?   It’s as hard as any university. I feel like people tend to play up how ‘hard’ university is in general, but there’s a good reason-there is So. Much. Going. On. Think about it-you’re literally changing the structure of your life dramatically. You’re taking a new route to school, if you haven’t moved cities or countries entirely. You have new friends, new administrators, new classes, new atmosphere-AND you have to study. Of course university is going to look hard! Look at how much stuff is going ON with your life! And no, Frosh is NOT going to be enough to orient you.    There is the idea that UofT tends to ‘weed-out’ first years, and that first year is a GPA killer. To me, that didn’t really seem like the case. Listen. We all did good in high school-but the question is, why did you do so well? Did you have a tutor? Because those don’t really exist here. Were you that person who just miraculously did well even though you put in zero effort? Congrats! That’s about to crash and burn. Did you just listen to whatever your guidance counselor said about ‘study habits’ and studied the same way people on TV do? Eh, you might be fine, but you’re in for some serious study time. University in generalis quite time intensive, so instead of studying hard, you need to study smart. Take the time in the summer to ask yourself; how do I study best? For me, I like to write up my own notes after class closer to the exam/midterm-they’re super messy, like I just vomited my brain onto paper-but it worked. As long as you have the drive &amp; skills to self study, and to personalize your studying, you’re gonna be fine. (It is going to be harder than high school though)  -What IQ do I need/How smart do I have to be/What high school average do I need to do well at UofT?   AHAHAHAHAHAHA. THIS IS A BAD QUESTION. Believe me when I tell you, there is no correlation between IQ/HS average and UofT average. I came in with a few of my high school friends with the lowest average between all of them, and I did the best on midterms and exams. It’s not like I suddenly became smarter, and they weren’t slacking off-I just had better test taking skills. If someone with a 99% average comes in and slacks off in uni, their GPA will tank. If someone with an 85% average comes in and tries super hard in uni, their GPA will survive. Of course, there are exceptions, but do you really want to wait until you fail a midterm to see?   It really all comes down to “Do you have the drive to keep up with the work and study?”  -Will my mental health suffer if I come to UofT?  This is a tricky question to answer. I myself have noted that I get way more stressed during midterms/finals than I did in high school (I lost 10 pounds during my first finals season. Not healthy.). I would say that the risk of acquiring or aggravating a mental illness definitely goes up, especially for international students due to that lack of support available to them. One of the big things right now at UofT is a push for the university to recognize what they’re doing to their students and the lack of support they give-Health and Wellness is pretty under equipped to handle the volume of students that exhibit signs of mental illness. There ARE resources-check out the pinned post on UofT’s reddit, plus many clubs and organizations are starting to pool their resources together to create a network. But yeah, prepare to be under some pretty bad stress, and try to get a support system up so you’re not alone when the time comes.  -What's PoST?  Did you, perchance, assume that you applied to Neuroscience? Immunology? Biophysics? Do I have news for you.  In UofT, all first year students within the Faculty of Arts and Science are ‘undeclared’. You do not major in anything at this time. Majoring starts in 2nd year, and the process to declare a major (specialist, minor, whatever) begins at the end of the first year. PoSt is just “Program of Study’, which is just ‘what do you want to do?’ There are 3 types, really-Minor, Major and Specialist. Since they’re specified by how many credits you need, you can usually mix &amp; match these. For example, I want to double major in Neuroscience and Molecular Genetics with a minor in Psych because I can. You can also choose something in the arts I believe (Criminology/Psychology is popular).  PoST is annoying for one reason-There are grade cutoffs for some of them. All PoSTs are labelled with a Type-1, 1S,  2, 2L, and 3. Anything that’s a Type 1 is the ‘easy route’-all you have to do is survive and get 4 FCE’s (1S means the fee for the program is different). Type 2, 2L, and 3 are all programs that have certain prerequisite courses + have a grade cutoff. Type 3’s may also need you to send in a personal statement. To see if your ideal program is one of these, all you need to do is Google “Name of Program UofT” and it should pop up.  -What classes should I take?  In first year, considering a full course load, you will be taking, in total, 10 classes, 5 per semester. As I said in question 4, depending on your wanted program, you may have to take certain courses that others don’t. This being said, if you don’t know what you want to do, here is a list of courses that cover pretty much all of them: BIO120, BIO130, CHM135, CHM136, MAT135, MAT136, PSY100. Note how there are only 7 courses. 6 really; psych isn’t needed, but you WILL be eligible for an easier 2nd year statistics course if you take it. Where are the other 3-4? These are pretty much your electives. Do what you want with them. Take PHY 131/132 if need be. Also look into seminar courses-the 199s. They’re pretty much an easy highschool course, but with more interesting subjects and great profs. Since the classes are small, it’s a great way to meet people and profs. They also have great field trips (I went Kayaking for one of my seminars). It can also fill up Breadth Requirements.   -What will my school life look like?  This will depend on your schedule, but you will be attending Lectures, Labs and Tutorials. Never skip lab, attendance IS mandatory. You shouldn’t skip tutorials because they allow you to work with a TA on problems. Some courses (CHM135/136) give out quizzes that are worth 5% of your mark, so at least go on those days (CHM136 makes them pop quizzes tho). MAT135/136 give out assignments that are work 8% of your mark, so unless you have a friend that can go, go. BIO120/130 do not have real tutorials.   Lectures are pretty much optional save for MAT135/136 because they use TopHat to ask questions to students in class that is worth 8% of your mark. Also PHY131/132.       -Can I have a social life AND do well?  Depends on what you mean by ‘social life’. I made friends in labs, sat with friends in lecture, walked with them to class and occasionally went out to club events or escape rooms, and that was enough for me. There are parties on campus, but obviously don’t go to them all the time. As long as you can plan around social events then you should be fine.   -Can I go to medical/grad school if I go to UofT? What's the best pre-med program?  There is no such thing as a ‘best pre-med program’. Just pick something you like, you’re more likely to do better in it. Yes, you can go to medical/grad school if you come here, but don’t expect to get special treatment because you’re from ‘tHe bEsT sChOoL iN CaNaDa’. For med school, stay on top of your grades and do a shit ton of extra curriculars and maybe you’ll get in. For grad school, just do well in 3rd and 4th year.  -Are there research opportunities for first years?  YES! I am literally in one right now. UofT is great for research opportunities! They have programs geared towards putting undergrads in labs for the summer (LMP SURE), but it WILL be a bit difficult because you’re a first year. I only know 4 people who have managed to get a job at the lab this summer that are in first year, and not all of them are being paid-this is because us first years know literally nothing. None of us are actually doing ‘research’-we’re all in dry labs. Still, experience, right? I might make a seperate post containing all the research programs I know…  TECHNICAL QUESTIONS  I’m adding in some more info on some of the resources available at UofT. Not really super pertinent but helpful  What’s with ACORN?  ACORN is where you access all of your student information, pretty much. It has your courses, programs, fees, some tax forms related to your studies, etc. It also has a ‘Degree Planner’ option that allows you to pick hypothetical courses and see what you can accomplish in terms of programs.   Enrolling in courses  Course enrolment isn’t up yet; you should get an email in like, July telling you at what time you are eligible for enrolment (it’s in August). They do this in a sort of cohort fashion-certain students get to pick before others, but it usually doesn’t impact anything major except for the seminar courses, so have backup courses ready for any electives just in case! You will be able to sign up for Fall and Winter courses right away, but where Fall courses get ‘locked in’ in September,  you’re able to mess around with your Winter schedule until that semester starts. The 2019-2020 timetable HAS come out though, so you can plan your schedule now-just google the ‘UofT artsci timetable’ and you’ll find it (people also use Griddy)  Fees  I can only really speak to Ontario students here. Tuition is due in 2 parts-the 8,000 dollars aren’t actually due in August, but half of it is! You can find information on how to do this online, but if you took OSAP, remember to ask for deferral via ACORN-this tells the uni to wait until September, when OSAP will deposit the money.  Scholarships, Bursaries and UTAPS  If you won a scholarship, please check if they’ve specified where the money will be sent. Usually they’ll give you a cheque that’s for the university in your name (so don’t try to cash it!), or maybe they’ll direct deposit it so you don’t have to worry. Some scholarships give it to you directly, so you can do whatever with the money. Should you report to OSAP? Technically yes, but be prepared for a MAJOR decrease in funding, because the government hates you and wants to take your money. If you still have a deficit in funding in October, you can ask for some money from the university via UTAPS, which can qualify you for grants/bursaries/scholarships from UofT. You have to submit a form (Google it) to your Registrar, and if you’re in UC (I was) you will be called in so the registrar can nitpick through your account to find if there’s any way to NOT give you money. If that happens, don’t be afraid. Don’t take back your form, just answer the questions and leave. I got 3k this year even though my registrar kept asking me about my ‘additional funds’. Other colleges aren’t like this from what I’ve heard.  If you haven’t yet, check out the UofT page for scholarships. It’s too late for Fall scholarships, but a few are given out in the Winter semester so you can still apply!          2. Healthcare         Okay, so you have healthcare now. Yes, I know you probably already had some already, but if you’re an Ontario resident, guess what-it’s a great add on. International students-I’m sorry, I don’t know what UHIP covers but I’m pretty sure we get the same coverage. The good thing about UofT’s healthcare (Studentcare) is that it actually covers things that usually aren’t in OHIP-Dental, Chiropractors, Psychiatry, Vision etc; but of course, there is a spending cap. For example, you can spend 2,500 on therapy throughout the year. Studentcare has teamed up with certain businesses and institutions to make accessibility to some of this easier, so look into it. Studentcare also covers TB Tests (Health and Wellness didn’t tell me this, the audacity) and some vaccines, so take advantage! Check out the website to get a full list (https://www.utsu.ca/health/). Bonus tip-You can add family members to your plan at the beginning of each semester (Change-of-Coverage-Period).  -How do I use my Healthcare? Okay so this part is the shitty part. So you DO have to initially pay for the treatment in most cases-for example, my TB test cost 70$, and I paid for it. Get the receipt, and then file it-you should get a refund. You can do this by filling out the Healthcare Claim forms at UTSU, or you can use the Studentcare app to file it quicker. I would recommend Studentcare, they give you your money back faster. Just take a good picture of the receipt and send it to them.  GENERAL TIPS I’VE LEARNED  Printing is 5c at Sidney Smith, 4c at Innis, and 3c at UTSU instead of 25c at the library.   Take advantage of the skating/swimming/any lessons offered at UofT! Learn something!  Spend time really acquainting yourself with all the cool things and places on campus. Find ways to cut through buildings or alleyways to save time. (No one in my friend group knew that Lash Miller and McLennan were connected!)  The Starbucks at Robarts is more expensive than the one near St.George Stn.  The Timmies at Sid Smith does NOT take Timmies Cards.    Thats’s all I have, folks! Comment below if you have more questions/nuggets of wisdom I should edit in.
0.0 |  UC Grad convocation at 9:15 tomorrow question! [removed]
0.06 |  How hard is it to get into university college or Victoria college if not an arts and science student (I’m going into kin) 
0.119 |  International US to Canada nStudy permit denied? My daughter was accepted into UofT for Humanities, University College. She applied for her study permit but was rejected. The letter states:  "Based on your application and accompanying documentation that you have provided, I have carefully considered all information and I am not satisfied that you meet the requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act and Regulations. Your application as requested is therefore refused.  \[X\] Foreign students wishing to extend their study permit in Canada must satisfy an officer that  they:   have complied with all conditions imposed on their entry;   will leave Canada by the end of the period authorized for their stay;   **have adequate financial resources to pay tuition fees and support their stay in**  **Canada;** and   do not belong in a category of persons inadmissible to Canada under the Act.  &amp;#x200B;  Did we do something wrong? We definitely do have financial resources to pay, so I'm wondering if they just need more info. I'm also wondering if somehow we filled out the wrong form (study permit extension application instead of initial study permit). Has anyone had any experience with this? Any advice? Can we appeal? Re-apply?
0.132 |  Renovation of University College? How do you feel about this? Losing a piece of UofT history by upgrading to 21st century standards. [deleted]
0.0 |  How involved do people actually get in their colleges? I’ve been admitted to UC and I’m just curious about whether people are super passionate about their college and doing stuff for it?
0.0 |  Hypothetical situation I'm a university college student. Why am I an asshole?
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.0 |  Residence and accessibility services Don't know if any of you will have any suggestions but here goes.   So I got my (UC) res offer a couple of days ago, but it says that we won't find out our building/room situation until mid-late July. Living in res is only going to be an option for me if I get a single room (medical device), and though I'm in the middle of getting registered with Accessibility Services, I can't do my intake interview until early August and so I don't know if they could do anything. If I make the $600 deposit now, I won't get the full amount back if I withdraw it in July. Has anyone had any experience with needing a single for medical/disability reasons? How did you go about it?  Thanks!
0.096 |  NEED A ROOMMATE!! I’m cOoL I promise 😞 anyone living on res @ university college trynna room with me (ask me qs if u need to)
0.052 |  Need to get out of SMC ASAP I have had nothing but terrible experiences with all but two of the SMC registrars. I also feel extremely uncomfortable going to the registrar because the alt-right, Islamophobic, racist, and misogynistic front desk staff member is still working there?????  The thing is, I'm going to my fourth year and I want to graduate in a year's time. I also don't know which college I should apply to. If it makes a difference, I have a competitive cGPA and it wouldn't hurt if I could scoop up some money from the college I transfer to.  I know I will need help from the registrar this upcoming year and the thought of having to walk over to that God-awful college is really unsettling.   Would really appreciate some advice on which college I could go to. I've emailed Innis, Vic, and UC asking if they'd consider an application and so far only Innis turned me down.
0.0 |  I’d like to transfer from UC to New College. How should I convince the registrar to let me transfer? And if I do transfer, would I be eligible for New College’s in course awards?
0.0 |  Got a 3.97 annual GPA this year. What are my chances at getting a scholarship/award and when do I get evaluated for them? I’m part of UC. [deleted]
0.0 |  Anyone with the residence guarantee receive their official residence offer from UC yet? I sent in my supplementary application April 10th and still haven’t heard back. Should I be concerned?
0.0 |  Anyone receive their official residence offer from University College yet?? [deleted]
0.0 |  Whitney Hall Air Conditioning I'm living in Whitney over the summer. Are we allowed to put in window AC units? I can't find anything about in any of the documents.
0.066 |  Is UofT Literally Admitting Everyone? TLDR: UofT admitted someone in my HS who hasn't submitted their transcripts or predicted grades  So I'm in a typical Asian international school where every year 20 or so people apply to UofT and over 75% of them are admitted (and the admissions rate is increasing every year) each year. One applicant from our school missed the Feb 1st deadline and didn't even let the school know that he was applying to UofT and just forgot about it. He activated his 'JoinID' but he didn't do anything afterwards. Fast forward to around 2 weeks ago, he was emailed that he was admitted to UofT. I'm not close friends with him so I don't really know which campus or faculty he's in, but nonetheless, he literally didn't send any transcript or predicted grades. UofT just admitted him.  He now thinks that UofT is a really sketchy school, and since he got into one of the lowerly-ranked UC schools, he'd just go there. My school thought this was interesting enough to do a little investigation internally with the transcript/administrative department of the school and none of them found any evidence of them sending grades or uploading on his Join Portal for him. So... it leaves as a mystery.   I've heard some negative stuff about uoft on this sub... how the school doesn't really care about undergrads. Is this an example of such behaviour of the school? Is UofT that thirsty for money that they admit any international student who applies? **I've heard at least 10 times in this sub that they admit more than they can handle in the upper years.** Did they get confused with different Asian names? This may be just an error from the admissions department of UofT but I am reconsidering going there.
0.0 |  Anyone received their official offer from University College yet? [deleted]
0.0 |  When will I recieve a decision on my residence? I submitted the MyRes application in mid March for my engineering program. My friend already got into UC for an artsci program a few weeks ago. Does anyone know when I might get mine?
0.024 |  I got sorted into UC I was accepted at UC and chose Sir Dans as the residence. I’m sort of introverted and shy but I also want to meet new people and have a good time. How’s UC in terms of social life, food, facilities, freshers etc? I’m in social sciences (Econ) if it helps x
0.101 |  Social life at UC Hiya! I just got accepted at UC and wanted to ask how was the social scene over there? I've heard a lot of horror stories coming from this reddit but was wondering if the social life is as bad as everyone makes it seem to be? I consider myself a really social person, so it would be nice to know what I'm getting into.
0.29 |  Amidst the news of fire at Notre Dame and Al Aqsa, let's not forget the time a tragic fire broke out at our beloved University College. [deleted]
0.082 |  I may have fricked up a bit - UC SG waitlist? Hey guys, I forgot to fill out my guaranteed residence thing in time for March 31st for University College. I just did it now and got put on the waitlist. Does anyone have any experience with that? What are the chances that I will get denied or UC will be too full? I'm kinda freaking out rn cuz I don't want to be homeless if I go to UofT.  Thanks
0.0 |  Were you active on FB groups and chats for incoming students? I’m in a few chats but because of time zones (almost a 12 hour difference) I can never really be part of a conversation. Were there pre-formed cliques when you started in September due to these or did you find people at uni itself? I’m in UC if it helps at all and I’ll be living on Rez.
0.0 |  can i apply for housing at another college? got accepted into uc, didn’t really think much about dorms and stuff and thus didn’t do any proper research on the colleges. can i apply for housing at another college like innis next year?
0.0 |  question about uc [deleted]
0.182 |  Anyone experience pests or any other problems in UC Whitney Hall Residence? I am considering staying at UC Whitney hall in a single room for the summer but before confirming to them wanted to know if anyone who has stayed here has had bad experiences they can share? Are there any pests or other problems like poor internet which I should be aware of? Thanks!
0.069 |  UC building choices??? Hey guys, I recently got accepted to LifeSci and also to UC. I got an email asking me to rank the buildings of UC for residency but being the confused high school kid that I am, I have no clue what any of the pros and cons of each building/rooms are :( I was hoping some of you gracious souls could help a homie out??  Also I want to room with a friend of mine who is also going to LifeSci, but they're in Vic college. Is it possible for them to be in Vic college but room with me in UC?? or maybe transfer entirely to UC?  Thanks in advance!
0.061 |  GCE requirements So i got into UC for life sciences, and my GCE exams are right around the corner, so i'm getting stressed. Does anyone know what the minimum grade requirements are, I'm doing math, chem and bio.   &amp;#x200B;  Thanks.
0.011 |  Are the UC residences good or should I try finding roommates and rent somewhere else instead? I received the good news last week, I've been accepted to UofT with membership in University College!! Now I've been considering my accommodation options, and I feel like it would be more convenient for me to live in the UC dorms. However, I feel like 15k for 8 months is a little overpriced considering that I wouldn't even have my own bathroom, and I'm a bit concerned about the meal plan since I am vegan. Is it really worth it to apply for residences or would I be better off renting a room somewhere else or finding roommates to share an apartment with? I'm trying to save a bit of money here, I'm not from Toronto and the most I've paid for rent is 550$ so I was a little bit shocked when I saw how expensive it was to live in the dorms. Thank you!!
0.175 |  stupid question are there calorie counts posted by the food at dining halls (specifically uc's dining hall)?
0.0 |  I got into Faculty of arts and science at UC but want to transfer into Rotman. How do I do this? 
0.0 |  pros and cons of university college res? just wondering what ur experience at uc res is/was like?
0.0 |  Which one should I rank first? University College residence or Chestnut residence?
0.059 |  starportal Hi! I've been accepted into utsg (university college) and I just filled out my application on starportal. I got a confirmation email that says I should get an offer by mid April, but another section of the email says I should get my building, room type, etc. in june/july. if that's going to be sent in July, what are they sending me in mid April?  thank you and sorry to bother
0.0 |  Attn: UCRC/UCLit - Please arraange a Game of Thrones Season 8 Premier event at Morrison Hall? [deleted]
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.0 |  Trying to rank residences Trinity vs University college vs new college. Can you guys give me the pros and cons of each? Also what are the chances I live in a single first year? Can you guys please post pictures of the interior of your rooms. 
0.183 |  I don't want to attend my graduation in June, but my parents might be upset? I have requested to graduate in June 2019, but I missed the deadline to RSVP for convocation. Personally, I feel indifferent because I have had such a terrible experience at this university (I'm graduating with a 3.5 GPA, and my final two years combined should be about a 3.85 GPA, so crappy grades and lack of academic discipline are not explanatory for my unpleasant experience. I have mainly felt disconnected from the university due to being a &gt;1 hr commuter, along with the universities appalling lack of care for their student's mental health &amp; well being). However, my parents may feel really upset that they don't get to see me graduate, after spending &gt;$30,000 to help me achieve this academic milestone.   I haven't told them that I missed the deadline, but now I'm feeling guilty. I know eventually I have to tell them, and I even emailed my registrar to inquire about my options (just now) since I missed the RSVP deadline. How should I approach this situation? Should I tell my parents I don't want to go to convocation? I hate interacting with them in general... Love them, but we are just not emotionally bonded or communicative.   EDIT: I have not slept in &gt;36 hrs because of anxiety for exams, and the time to request gowns/tickets is MAY 7-21 (for University college at least). This whole time, I have been reading it as March... Oops
0.0 |  I don’t know who to approach with this idea but a student wellness director at the CSSU seems like good idea. I think UC Lit has something like this. Thoughts?   Edit: I don't mean a trained professional, I mean someone who is on the exec team and has a set of duties pertaining to the mental health of the CS student body. Something similar to the UC Lit's mental health director. 
0.0 |  Can you decide not to go on stage for convocation but still get your degree to take pictures in front of UC? [deleted]
0.034 |  Residence Hey I just made it and got accepted to uoft Social Sciences. But my average was around a 86%. But my midterm will bring my average up to around 89-90%. But the thing that I’m kind of worried about is the fact that I got accepted with that average into University College. If my mark is higher by midterm will I be able to get into Victoria College. Please let me know how I can get into Victoria College I really want to be apart of it. 
0.0 |  Residence questions Hey so I recently got accepted to arsci at st George and university college. I have a few questions about residence. On myres I have two options for residences, uc and chestnut, is it possible for me to live in st Michaels as I want to room with a friend. also how would I request a roommate if that's possible.
0.0 |  How do I become a UC Frosh leader? 
0.0 |  Anyone else have leftover UC meal plan? What did you end up/are you planning on doing with it? So it’s almost the end of the semester and turns out I ate out far too much, so I have a load of meal plan dollars remaining. For anyone else in this situation, what did you end up doing? Just buy like loads of candy and snacks from the cafe?
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.011 |  How private are the Whitney Hall Co-ed Bathroom Shower Stalls? Ok I am planning to go to U of T next near and I most likely will be using the Whitney Hall living space. My concern is the shower stalls in the coed bathrooms. **Just how private are they?? Are the doors long or short?** Can guys see me naked easily? I hope they do not look like the doors you would find at your local fast-food place with a gap, short base etc!! Can someone who has used the Whitney Hall Coed Bathroom show me an example of what it looks like? I tried googling images of the bathroom but could not find anything on Whitney Halls bathrooms. Any help would be appreciated.  &amp;#x200B;
0.0 |  Applying to residence As the deadline approaches to apply for residence, I had a few questions about student housing. So I was accepted about a month ago to EngSci and was recently invited to the top applicants dinner. From what I’ve heard, higher priority applicants generally get preference for their residence choice. Is this true? I’m wondering about this because I’m a prospective varsity athlete, and my top choices (new college and university college) are very conveniently located relative to the athletics centre and the eng buildings. However, I know that a huge chunk of engineering students are put in the chestnut residence. Chestnut for me is currently listed as being my fourth choice out of eight. Another question I have is that if I accept my offer to engsci now, will I have a better chance of being sorted into my first choice residence (new college) because they know I’m coming? Mans is just tryna get a single room close to eng and AC
0.0 |  Played myself. Applied to Trinity half because I want to be close to IR classes and half for the architecture.   Drumroll please... got into New College.  Obviously it's not a big deal and I'm greatfull to be accepted to the University in general, but I kind of wish I had just applied for Victoria or ranked University College as my top. Now I am neither in the IR hub or in a cool old looking building.
0.0 |  Engineering student needing advice on residences Hello all, first time on this sub. I’m applying to U of T (St. George campus) and I need some advice for choosing my residence by March 31st. I live in the US (I’m a Canadian citizen and I applied 105D so I get that nice tuition rate), and haven’t been able to tour the residences at U of T, so I need a little help if you wouldn’t mind, please.  My first-choice program is Engineering Science, second Mechanical Engineering, and third Chemical Engineering. I’d like to have fitness options in my residence as well.  My options are Chestnut Residence, Innis Residence (I’m leaning towards this one), New College Residence, St. Michael’s College, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, and Victoria University Residence.  What do you guys think is the best residence option for a student like me?  Thank you!
0.026 |  Does anyone know about what happened in UC (Whitney) last night? Heard something happened, is it related to the Bahen incident? Or is this health related? Dont post too much about the incident if you have details, I don't want anyone to get triggered. Thanks.
0.0 |  What residence am I going to for an undergrad artsci program? I'm a Grade 12 student in Ontario and I got an offer for an artsci program. It says in my admission letter than I have been placed into University college for residence. I believe this was my first choice on OUAC which is why I guess they placed me there. I can still fill out the MyRes application though. Am I going to be placed in a college based on the MyRes application or will I be placed in the college mentioned on my admission letter? If I will be placed in the college on my letter, is it possible for me to change it? The MyRes application closes on March 31st.
0.0 |  When does orientation week start for the fall Semester? (University College) 
0.102 |  As student politics season approaches, here's a friendly reminder to vote out incumbent student politicians If  they were an executive this year, and they give excuses and ask you to reelect them, DONT!!!!!  It's because the same clique of people are running the show year after year that makes student politics ineffective yet toxic and full of drama. They already have their networks and shills in place so they win elections again, and again.  DON'T REELECT ANY UTSU EXECS \[ do i even need to explain this\]  DONT REELECT ANY CSSU EXECS \[like wtf was all that shit this year\]  DONT REELECT ANY APUS EXECS \[ the same ppl have been winning since 1995? wtf\]  DONT REELECT ANY CASA EXECS \[ shitty pizza\]  DONT REELECT ANY MU EXECS \[jk no one cares about math\]  DONT REELECT ANY UC EXECS \[ it's a clique if there was ever one\]  DONT REELECT ANY WCSA EXECS \[admin shills\]  DONT REELECT ANY NEW COLLEGE EXECS \[ their events this year have been SHITE\]  DONT REELECT ANY TRIN EXECS \[just cause\]  DONT REELECT ANY ASSU EXECS \[i dont think they even have elections actually wtf\]  &amp;#x200B;  the power is in our hands to break the cycle of the powerhungry. DONT FALL FOR THE POLITICAL CLOUT. VOTE THEM OUT.  tell me what more SUs to add to the list, I'll do it too.
0.041 |  UC Literary &amp; Athletics Society Elections Rant - The Undemocratic Democracy? I know this post may not apply to a lot of you, but nevertheless I feel this is an issue worth addressing as it may apply to other student associations.  &amp;#x200B;  # The Background:  The UC Literary &amp; Athletics Society is the main student body organization that represents all of the University College students. It is responsible for things such as orientation and the annual student ball. In theory, it's a great body that *should* make life at UC more engaging and spirited.   &amp;#x200B;  # The Issue:  While it seems great in theory, the UC Lit. is probably the most cliquey and flawed student organizations on campus. Every year it **somehow** happens that the top positions (President, Vice President and finance) are uncontested, and only run for by people who already hold positions on the UC Lit. For example, this year's uncontested president nominee was the Vice President last year. The  uncontested vice president nominee was an upper year representative last year. The president from last year is now running to be an upper year representative. The athletics commissioner position is being run for by the same person the third year in a row (although contested by a first year student!!) and the list just goes on and on. Sure, you can just argue that "oh you could just run against them" yet unfortunately it's not that easy. With this merry-go-round of nominees it's evident that somehow it's internally discussed (and agreed) who runs for what (among the UC Lit. functionaries). It could be a coincidence that they never seem to run against each other directly, but in my three years of being here I don't think that anymore. This is a systematic flaw. They all seem to agree who runs for what position, and thus support each others campaigns to maintain their clique. Outsiders (who are usually first or second years trying to be engaged in student life) have barely any chance to obtain any of the positions that are being systematically contended by the clique.   &amp;#x200B;  This raises the following issues:  * **The sense of exclusion**, because outsiders  feel they don't have that influence to run (or thus just don't bother). Furthermore, many first year students don't tend to use the UC Lit. common areas, because going there simply feels like sitting in someone's living room. Everyone there knows each other and it almost feels unwelcoming or awkward to be there. * **Mismanagement.** We can see what happened with the student union scandal at Ryerson, and only beg to ask whether having the same people in charge of a large portion of funds seems like a great idea. * **It makes this student organization non-representational**. Always having the same people run for these key positions makes you wonder whether they're acting in your interest, or just their own. There's a reason the president for the United States can't act for more than just two terms....  &amp;#x200B;  This post is just being written to raise some awareness to how the UC Lit. functions, and how many students feel underrepresented by this clique.
0.0 |  University College - How to Choose Residence? I was admitted into Physical and Mathematical Sciences and University College. I'm interested in the Morrison residence. Is there a portal where I can apply, or is it just a lottery system?
0.0 |  Why do I only have two options to rank my colleges?? On MyRes, I only have University College and Chestnut Residence as my number 1 and 2 options respectively. Can I not choose any other colleges to rank??
0.0 |  When to choose style dorm UTSG UC I recently got into UTSG arts&amp;science for life sciences, university college. I was wondering when were supposed to choose which house and what style dorm we want, if we even get to choose (ex. i prefer the sir daniel wilson i think it’s called)   TIA
0.0 |  Which college has more CS students. University College or New College? [deleted]
0.0 |  University College Vs New College Which residence is better. And which is the better overall college. 
0.0 |  University College Res Vs New College Res [deleted]
0.0 |  Thoughts on University College? 
0.0 |  When you're going north on King's College from College and you can't see UC 
0.0 |  The weather is not that bad, I can almost see MS from UC 
0.0 |  SG:D Scholarship Info &amp; Networking Session with IMDA https://i.redd.it/apq85xx1nci21.png  calling all Singaporean students in Toronto!  The [Singapore Society (University of Toronto)](https://www.facebook.com/groups/501804776953817/?fref=mentions&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARCYlGshxY91kjt0KoSMP3bbWcE-dA3z1VAYixTjv-27e3lMbo9HK1UzOxzwSf8f0SJ9CoH2Md9f3rLMOpvnhP6ZjTVR6hAkzmCOcJwi9I8T41fAfjODMqGFhWLYN81mH1u2kd2Rh21VqFEY9ToN4GTiWwGUWNyx8L_HHvbHHiA5JtUCUMD1Al5GduQLmtrd5T0aimVJeEX1BDVk9Q&amp;__tn__=K-R) is hosting another information &amp; networking session with representatives of the [Infocomm Media Development Authority - IMDA](https://www.facebook.com/IMDAsg/?__tn__=K-R&amp;eid=ARC00fdNSMArX7NFae9Go-XkUfIc9naeXXwXJxkNr9tYEierah0avFJy586z8ZgkTwsABYaT7MeeAjW7&amp;fref=mentions&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARCYlGshxY91kjt0KoSMP3bbWcE-dA3z1VAYixTjv-27e3lMbo9HK1UzOxzwSf8f0SJ9CoH2Md9f3rLMOpvnhP6ZjTVR6hAkzmCOcJwi9I8T41fAfjODMqGFhWLYN81mH1u2kd2Rh21VqFEY9ToN4GTiWwGUWNyx8L_HHvbHHiA5JtUCUMD1Al5GduQLmtrd5T0aimVJeEX1BDVk9Q), who will be sharing about the exciting infocomm media landscape and opportunities available back home. IMDA will also share about its new Singapore Digital (SG:D) Scholarship, which allows scholars to chart their own career in the industry upon graduation!  So if you're (or if you know someone) currently pursuing an education in infocomm media and/or interested in an Infocomm Media career -- please do come join us!  Event Page: [https://www.facebook.com/events/151537979115954/](https://www.facebook.com/events/151537979115954/)  Where: UC 256 (15 King's College Circle) University of Toronto (St George) 🇨🇦🇸🇬   When: 4th March (Monday), 6-8PM  If you're interested, please click 'Going' on our event page and also register at: [https://form.gov.sg/#!/forms/imda/5c6ccdee3b8748001762577d](https://form.gov.sg/#!/forms/imda/5c6ccdee3b8748001762577d)  Dinner will be provided!  &amp;#x200B;
0.0 |  Can’t even see UC (corrected) rip 
0.0 |  Attn : UCRC/UCLit - Could you arrange The Bachelor Finale Screening at UC Residences? [deleted]
0.059 |  Anyone know the reason why firetrucks and ambulances were at Morrison Hall last week? I'm a commuter &amp; a part of UC, and last week around Monday/Tuesday there was a fire truck and an ambulance outside Morrison Hall in the evening.. does anyone know why? 
0.0 |  UC Summer Residence? Hey everyone,  I'm thinking of applying to University College for summer residence. Does anyone know when applications open and the chances of getting a room? Any preference of Morrison or Whitney Hall (or other residences for the summer)?  Thanks so much!
0.088 |  Dalla lana - room UC 140 location? Hey guys, i'm taking CHL5202 and i was wondering where can i find room UC 140? Never been there before :( thanks
0.089 |  LOST PENCIL CASE I lost my pencil case last night!!! Pretty sure I lost it at UC, it's a white leathery case that has the words MY BRAIN HAS TOO MANY TABS OPEN on it in black &amp; pink  If anyone has seen it, or knows where to look for it please let me know!!!  Edit: Thanks for the upvotes, but at the end of the day I'm just going to assume its lost forever. The only things I truly miss are my Casio calculators (read: babies, I've had them since Grade 9) and the case itself. Many people have commented on my case over the years, and it was the best gift I ever got. So long, case. You will be missed.
0.143 |  UC Food this week was sooo bad... ewww I don't mean in terms of quality... i mean in terms of the menu.
0.0 |  Do you need to "unofficially" rank UC first to get in? [deleted]
0.027 |  University vs New College for Compsci Student? Hi! I'm currently applying to UTSG and am ranking the colleges on OUAC. I've done some research myself and found that UC and NC are closest to the Bahen Centre so they're good for compsci students and I'm trying to choose between the two for my rankings so I had a few questions. What are the pros and cons of each? What's the student atmosphere and living space like? Is one better than the other? Also, if I get in and I'm not happy with my college is it possible to switch?  Thanks!
0.0 |  University College Social Scene Parties at UC? Overall how is the atmosphere? Which res is best: Whitney, Sir Dan's or Morrison? 
0.081 |  UofT Engineering Students What are the chances I end up doing a masters at a crazy university in the US like UC berkeley, MIT, Stanford etc.
0.076 |  UC Award Reception Did everyone from UC get an invitation? Am I being invited to go see other people receive an award or am I a recipient too? I am so confused
0.226 |  To whoever smokes in UC staircase What is wrong with you? Everytime i had to go to my math tutorial which is located underground i used the staircase near the registrars office, and EVERY FUCKING TIME i smell cigarettes. Like bitch u cant go outside for a smoke? U just had to stink up a CLOSED space with your nasty ass cigarettes. 
0.0 |  UC made it r/evilbuildings 
0.0 |  can some one plz tell me where UC H012 is at? UC Assignment Drop-off and Logbook in H012 need to go there and submit a late assignment.  thankyou very much!
0.017 |  Choosing a College So needless to say, I'm in high school and planning to apply to UofT and I have to choose a college.  I plan on doing my undergrad in Chemistry and I'm debating between Trinity, Victoria, University, and New College. I won't be doing residence so my choice won't affect me as much but having a good student life would be nice.   Which of these would be most convenient as a science student as in how much walking would I have to do to get to classes?   And which of these offer the best scholarships for academic excellence? (I tried looking into this but there was so much to look at, so if anybody who knows could give me a tl;dr that'd be great)     Which one would you guys recommend overall?  &amp;#x200B;  From what I've already heard:  \- Trinity is the most prestigious  \- One guy said it'd show up on your degree that you graduated from Trinity  \- Some people have called Trinity a bit pretentious and that all the other colleges collectively jokingly hate on it lol  \- High table dinner where you have to dress up?     \- Victoria has great scholarships?  \- It's a bit far from classes depending on which ones you take  &amp;#x200B;  \- New College is pretty fucking amazing all around (Good library, support staff, convenient location, student body)  &amp;#x200B;  \- University College is pretty nice too, better than the remaining 3 at least imo
0.0 |  Can I Still Find The Star On Campus (UTSG)? Anyone know if it's still possible to find copies of the Toronto Star on campus? I usually picked up a copy from University College last year, but it's under construction now.
0.0 |  Custodians of a Ghostly Campus Legacy (UC and Hart House) 
0.0 |  When will I hear back from residence for the winter term? I’m living off campus rn and applied for residence for the winter term at UC and SMC. When will I hear back from them? I want to know ASAP as I have to give 60 days notice before terminating my lease at my current place
0.0 |  Round 2: Unite under UC! [deleted]
0.043 |  A comparison of the college's semi-formals/formals I chose UC as my college for a few reasons, one of them being Fireball. However, all of these Innis open bar memes has me thinking that some of the college's formals may be better than others. What are some highlights or negative thoughts of each of the college's formals (if you have been)? I may consider going to another college's formal this year.  P.S. gg to both innis and UC :)
0.062 |  Don't give up! Even though large tracts of the U of T population and many intelligent and hard working Students have fallen or may fall into the grip of the U of T midterm season and all the odious apparatus of Meric Gertler's rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall study on to the end. We shall study at home, we shall study in Sid Smith and Gerstein, we shall study with growing confidence and growing faith in our marks, we shall study for our midterm, whatever the cost may be. We shall study on the TTC, we shall study on the GoTrain, we shall study in Con Hall and at UC, we shall study in Bahen; we shall never stop studying, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this subreddit or a large part of it were tired and exhausted, then our satellite campuses beyond the downtown area, funded and endowed by U of T, would carry on the struggle!  -Janitor of U of T
0.0 |  Quiet spaces with whiteboards/chalkboards? UC is closed today, which is my usual study spot. Where should I go if I want a quiet study space where I can write on a board?
0.0 |  Whitney Hall Lead Pipes? [deleted]
0.0 |  Does anyone know when would the heater be turned on in Morrison hall? Its getting really cold in the basement
0.0 |  University College graduating class composites Does anyone know where the University College graduating class composites are displayed? I saw that Woodsworth college displays all the graduating class composites in the hallway. Thank you!
0.09 |  Graduation photo Hi, I am from university college.Does anyone know whether I can have my graduation photo taken twice? If I take the graduation photo in the fall semester, can I book the appointment and take it again in winter? (I am just afraid that my picture doesn't look good.) Thank you very much!
0.067 |  Free Burgers - Front Lawn in front of UC Can't guarantee the quality though, it's by all the Campus Police people/inflatable castle thing
0.169 |  It's really bothering me. I couldn't sleep last night cause I kept thinking about this...How come university college is missing the pointy bit at the top? Did someone steal it? Did they not build it in the first place? Someone help me understand. [deleted]
0.03 |  Chilling between classes for commuters Is there anywhere like someone can do there work and just chill between classes for commuters, I know UC my college  has a Commuter centre but I never been. 
0.0 |  Quiet, private spaces on campus for interviews? I'm working on a research project this year that involves having 1-on-1 interviews with older folks, and the interviews need to be recorded.   The interview space needs to be as private and quiet as possible, and there *have* to be couches (as opposed to the rooms being totally metal and concrete - it's for the sound quality). So my job is to figure out where on campus we can invite participants in for interviews. The cozier and more homely, the better. Think of the UC JCR, but like, smaller and private, lol.  Does anyone know of some places like that? For example, is it possible to book any spaces on campus that meet that description? I've done a complete mental inventory of quiet/private rooms on campus and have come up pretty short. Thanks!
0.099 |  I get why people like Alfonso so much now lol So I'm a CS froshie and this happened on my move-in day to residence. I came with my family, and eventually it just so happened that I got roped into taking my little sister out to get something to eat because she was hungry and my parents had already gone off somewhere.   So I'm standing in the dining hall line, bored as fuck, with my sister, and who walks in and lines up behind me but Alfonso Gracia-fucking-Saz.   At first I was kind of nervous and freaked out, I'd just kinda glance at him every now and then, trying not to freak him out. But then my fucking sister starts crying and fidgeting and shit and won't shut up. So I'm trying to keep my sister quiet and not bother Alfonso, when oops, too late, he looks inquisitively at us and kneels down beside her.   He just smiled and stroked her hair, and asked me what was wrong. I said I didn't know, shes just misbehaving. Then he looked at me with those penetrating blue eyes and simply said in that soothing voice "She seems like she's hungry."   Then he lifted up his shirt and breastfed my sister right there in the UC dining hall.   What a nice guy. I am SUPER excited for my 137 lectures  with him. 
0.0 |  University College Residences: How do I make friends with the people in my residence? [deleted]
0.015 |  Urgent question about UC Day...... I'm an incoming first year student and I am planning on only attending UC Day (university college day) tomorrow, I did not sign up for the full week university college orientation or the "thrive at UofT" orientation. Online it says if you are only attending UC Day and not the other two more lengthily orientations you should sign in in UC's registrars office by 9:30.   However, I just checked UC registrars twitter and it says they are closed the entire day tomorrow.   So???  Am I able to attend UC Day without checking in?  Do I have to check in on another day when it's open?  Or is it fine because although it says it's closed tomorrow the hours of operation regularly are 9:30-4ish and if it's telling me online to check in before 9:30, does that mean I should be able to sign in beforehand and I'm just overthinking everything????   Thanks :/
0.07 |  Anyway to get ps4 to connect to wifi? I brought my ps4 to use as a netflix machine mainly on my down time or play some games but when I tried to connect to the internet it said “the ps4 does not support the wifi networks security method”. Is there anyway around this? I tried plugging in my ethernet cable and nada. Also tried with a router but no luck. https://imgur.com/a/Qjq2sv4/ I’m in whitney if that’s any help. 
0.098 |  How to drop a course in the One Programs? I'm potentially dropping a course in First Year Foundations UC One however I can't drop it through acorn. Is there someone I'll have to speak to specifically or another way to drop it online?
0.0 |  Took a pic of students reading in Sir Dan's. Don't have their contact info &amp; thought they might want to see it. 
0.0 |  I took a picture of these students reading in Sir Dan's the other day. Thought they might want to see it. [deleted]
0.0 |  So UofT is like UC Berkeley ... [removed]
0.0 |  So UofT is like UC Berkeley ... [removed]
0.0 |  How good is the soundproof at Morrison dorms? [deleted]
0.094 |  UC Landsberg-Lewis house basement?? I got an offer to a single room in the basement of Morrison hall - which belongs to the LL house apparently. Saw some Facebook people saying that rooms 1-4have really small windows and bad reception, and probably poor cell service?? Wondering if it’s true and how does living in there actually feels like? Thanks!!
0.0 |  Is it possible to switch colleges within the St. George campus Arts &amp; Science Faculty? If you are already with UC and you want to switch to, for example, Trinity?
0.0 |  Experience with First Year Foundations (UC One or New One) I was really interested in the First Year Foundation programs and literally applied to the UC One and New One yesterday. I got into the UC One this morning, which is cool.  Has anyone had any experience with any of the Ones programs?  I specifically want to do either UNI103Y1 (Gradients of Health in an Urban Mosaic) or NEW106H1F (Science and Social Justice), however, I'm pretty sure I can choose any UC course. The deadline to choose is July 12th. 
0.0 |  bursaries application deadline? I wasn't really aware of bursaries because the main thing I cared about was OSAP. But I'm trying to apply for bursaries this coming year. Anyone know the deadline and application process? Website doesn't tell much. I'm with UC btw :)
0.03 |  Stupid question about time stamping So I have to hand an assignment in to University College but the instructor said that it has to be time stamped by office staff.  But I'm going in on the weekend so I don't know whether any office staff will be present in UC and where they'll be, so is there a machine or automated thing which time stamps for you? Are there any staff inside UC on the weekend?  Or am I going to have to wait till Monday to submit?  How does time stamping work if you have to submit on weekends without staff?
0.0 |  Extra guests at UC convocation? I was wondering if anyone knows if there is a livestream for extra guests to watch on the day at UC grad? 
0.0 |  Upper year residence chances? I lived in chestnut first year and applied for woodsworth, innis, new college and UC for my 2nd year.  Am I considered a returning student since I lived at chestnut 1st year?  What are my chances of getting into a res 2nd year?
0.108 |  My mind tells me to go with UTM's $10000 scholarship but I still want to study at UTSG I'll be brief about the situation.   I'm really torn apart as to what to do before the deadline to choose a campus comes this week. I received a $10 000 scholarship from UTM for first year, and I'm really thankful for it, as my family is considered lower middle class. However, checking UTM's criteria for their admission awards, that amount should mean I have an average in the mid 90s. The issue is that UTSG isn't giving me anything in admission awards, which leads me to suspect my average is not competitive enough within my program. Can anyone confirm if that is the case?   Moreover, I chose University College after a lot of research, but failed to realize that UC is sort of legendary for being broke compared to other colleges. So my college admission award is also disappointing. Add to that my mistake of missing the UC writing award deadlines. I applied for many scholarships but I'll only know whether I received them in July, well after the date I have to choose a campus.  I understand I can transfer from UTM to UTSG to first year, but I made it into Trin One and would like as many opportunities to make friends in first year as possible, and am just worried it'll be even harder to do so if I transfer in second year.  In short, if my family does not want to take on loans, can I justify going to UTSG for first year or should I take the "rational" decision and go to UTM?
0.0 |  Best residence ? I ranked the following :  1) Victoria University Residence  2) New College Residence  3) St. Micheals College Residence  4) Chestnut Residence  5) Trinity College Residence   6th choice is university College Residence however it says “ university College Residence reserves a maximum of 20 spaces for students within a professional faculty “ what does this mean ?   But yeah which do u guys recommend ?  
0.057 |  Are the UC e-mentor acceptances out? I applied and really wanted to be one. They said there was going to be a delay because a lot of people applied. Just wondering if they already sent them out?
0.032 |  Question Hey, so i just got accepted to new college for arts and sciences yesterday. I was happy to get accepted although i had my heart set on UC. Can you guys tell me some of the good things about new college to help me understand more about it and why its good (p.s. i don't care at all about the inclusive or sjw stuff that it advertises)
0.0 |  Is it possible to change your college? Fresher in fall, I've been admitted to New College... but I literally can't find any information about it (say on YouTube. By comparison, UC, Vic and Trinity are all over YouTube!) I knew nothing about the college's  when I applied, and Victoria is looking better at the moment.   Is it possible to change my college? Who should I email?  If I cant, do tell me something about New College.
0.0 |  OSAP application has listed the incorrect college. Is this normal? I just made an OSAP account and linked it to my OUAC, and under the applications it's set up for me it has listed University College on the application instead of St. Michael's. Is this normal?
0.0 |  Graduation Tickets Ahead of time, are there any nice persons out there willing to donate or sell there graduation tickets to me if they're not going? I have a few extra family members that want to come. :)    UC Grad June 20 btw  Pls. lol
0.217 |  Wanna lose weight?? Stay at UC for that freshman -25! People here complain about gaining weight in first year while i have lost 25 pounds ( shit you not) by staying at UC. The food at fung was so fucking bad that even starving tasted better. I highly recommend anyone trying to loose weight to rez here. Now its time for me to become fat again by finally eating my moms food after 4 months of starvation. 
0.036 |  Help needed with Summer School enrollment! Hey guys,  I enrolled for ECO102 in the first subsection of Summer as I'm not 100% sure I passed or not.   I'm currently on the waitlist, and I read the email that the 30th of April is the deadline for the "Minimum Required Payment". Now, when I go on acorn, my balance says $0, and when I try to make a payment, it says the maximum payment I can make is $0, and doesn't let me enter any information.  What is this all about? It's driving me nuts and the UC registrar was god-awful and barely helped at all.  Please help!! Thank you guys 
0.026 |  Colleges for engineerings Ik engineers aren’t really a part of a college, but I still want to be selected to the one I want. I put Trinity as my first one but I doubt that’ll happen. I put UC as my second one but now looking at it it say that UC reserves very few spots for engineers aswell. If I put UC as my second one will they even consider me for residence? Ik Trinity only accepts people if they put it as their first choice, and then UC doesn’t care. But since they have such little room will they care that I didn’t put them as my top one?
0.109 |  Does University College want you to rank them as your top choice? I put Trinity as my top and UC as my second. I want them both equally, but I am scared that I won’t get into trinity and then UC won’t accept me because I didn’t put them as my top. Are my fears justified?
0.0 |  Professors in the social sciences Hi, I'm going to UTSG as a freshman in the fall and I am planning on doing a political science major as of right now though I might switch it to economics. I was wondering if anyone has any recommendations for professors/classes in general. I live in Vancouver and don't know anyone who's been there so I though I would try here. Also, if anyone is a part of University College, let me know how you're experience was!
0.0 |  Opinions on the University College residence what are the pros and cons of each university college residence? (morrison hall, sir daniel wilson, and whitney)
0.035 |  New College LLC and Halls Hey everyone! I'm a future life sci student currently registering for the residence at new college and would really appreciate any additional info regarding the meal plan, LLCs, individual halls, e.t.c.   I can't seem to find much information about the differences between Wetmore, Wilson, and Willocks (I know that there's a pretty drastic difference in the quality of the UC buildings). Are they all that different, and is there one that's really worse than the others?   Also, how much do the LLCs really matter? The description U of T provides is pretty vague but I guess my primary concern is that my selection of one of them will guarantee my placement in one of the halls (and I really don't know much about them).   I would **love** to have a single room, but from what I hear, that's pretty difficult to secure with New. Is there any one hall in particular that would help my chances?  Thanks!
0.18 |  Opinions on university college I got sorted into UC. What's good and bad about UC?
0.066 |  Where the heck do you submit assignments at University College? I have an assignment to hand in and the syllabus just says "submit a hard copy at the UC office" (the prof pushed the due date back since he had to cancel our last class). I reached out to the prof on Monday and haven't heard back yet; anyone know if there's a drop box or specific office? It's for an SDS class if that helps.
0.0 |  soon to be first year starting in fall im gonna be a first year at UC for polisci... anything i should know about the program or school in general??
0.0 |  Thoughts on UToronto (Full Ride) vs. Brown vs. Duke vs. UC Berkeley [removed]
0.061 |  Thoughts on UToronto (Full Ride) vs. Brown vs. Duke vs. UC Berkeley Hi everybody! I've been privileged to be awarded a full ride scholarship to Toronto as an international student. I'll be studying CS. However, I was admitted to Scarborough, where I heard student life is stifled. I'm trying to switch to St. George, but even if I succeed, do you think that Toronto is worth it? Is Scarborough worth it as it is? UPDATE: They wouldn't let me switch to St.George :(.  I'm able to afford the other colleges (as my parents are fortunately paying), but I'd still save over (EDIT: 380,000 CAD). Still, I'd really like to work in the U.S, either in the financial sector or Silicon Valley area, so I'm not sure if a Toronto degree would hurt, compared to my other 3 offers.   Also, I'm not sure how Toronto salaries in the U.S. turn out. Just for a comparison, a Berkeley degree commands a $130,000 CAD starting salary on average, but this is for people mostly living in Silicon Valley, where cost of living and salaries might be inflated.  EDIT: Would your decision change if I were to pursue a master's (MBA) from a top U.S. university eventually (I'm not too sure about this, but it's likely)?  Sorry for the long post. Thanks for all your help!
0.105 |  Need Your Honest Advice (Prospective Student) Hi guys !   So after being accepted to UTSG(University College) CS in Dec as an international student, I have been quietly lurking on this sub and seeing all the posts. Initially I was extremely excited to be admitted as UofT has literally been my dream university, but the constant negativity and frustration that students share here on this sub is really alarming.   I really want to study CS  at UofT and I am ready to work my ass off..but I really want your honest and unbiased opinion on the atmosphere at uoft. The time has come to actually decide what college to attend and UofT is my top priority but the posts here on this sub have had me conflicted...   Here are some of my questions:   1.How difficult is it to clear the pOST cutoff? (For someone who is passionate about cs)   2.Are students allowed to participate in hackathons outside of uni? If yes then do the students simply miss their classes or are granted a leave?   3.I am an international student and am a bit introverted(trying to change that) will I be isolated and lonely all the time?   4.How  difficult is the course load and what are PEYs?   5.Can you guys tell me what course material should I study before entering first year in detail?(I am willing to study alot of the material in advance)   6.Any other advice for me?   7.Any advantages of UofT over other unis?   8.How difficult is it to make friends at uni and how large are classes?   9.For University College people: I chose Sir Daniel Wilson residence as my top priority..How is it?   I also got into UBC Okanhagan and waiting for my UW decision for CS but UofT seems like the place to be, as of now. I am willing to go to extra-lengths to succeed at uni while maintaining a somewhat normal social life...   Any advice is appreciated..please help me as I am still confused whether to choose UofT or not....   Thanks alot in advance ! :)
0.024 |  On campus residences without a mandatory meal plan? First year going into second year next year; was wondering if I could get a place on campus that doesn't require me to purchase a meal plan for the school year. I'm in UC, if that helps.  Thanks!
0.015 |  Changing college choice to Vic before first year? To keep it brief, I'm a high school senior going into history in Fall 2018. I did some research for my college choices, but evidently not enough. Right now I'm admitted to UC, which is okay with me, but I think Vic's interdisciplinary focus and reputation for being good for humanities students makes it more attractive to me right now.  I would send an email, but Vic's website notes that all college choice changes have to be made through OUAC before Jan 17, which is long past.  In the end, I'll probably transfer for my second year so I can take some upper year programs like critical theory at vic, but I want to be able to transfer before Fall 2018 starts.  Does anyone have any experience with this sort of situation? Does anyone have any advice? Who should I contact to discuss options from here on in? How should I contact vic's registrar, and should I even try if it's past the deadline?  Thanks folks.
0.0 |  Advice for soon to be freshman at Rotman? Hey all, I'm an international and got admitted to BCom at Rotman. I would appreciate any advice, comments, tips, suggestions, and such. My college is University College if that helps in giving me some advice on things such as transportation, social life and such.
0.0 |  question about colleges I got 3 options to rank on MyRes. (woodsworth chestnut uc)  My top choice on OUAC was trinity iirc but I didn't bother with app. My offer says woodsworth. [MyRes says not guaranteed Woodsworth tho](https://imgur.com/HR1Ny5I). I'm gonna assume that Woodsworth is guarantee becuz it says it on offer.  1. How likely is it that I get into another choice? Chestnut/UC? 2. Once they give out offer it's final right? 3. Woodsworth vs Chestnut vs UC?
0.0 |  Summer residence options? Probably going to take summer classes so I need somewhere to live. Anyone have recommendations for summer residences? I would just look for a room somewhere but I don't have too much time to hunt right now/my parents think its too sketchy for some reason.  Anyone have experience with UC's summer residences (Whitney or Morrison) or New's summer residence (Wetmore)? Would prefer somewhere with a full kitchen so I can cook.  
0.0 |  Master of Applied Computing? So I am a third year international CS student at UC Berkeley with high GPA (right now), but I don't have any working experiences. I'll probably do some research this summer. Also, I've heard this is a very competitive program. Can someone who's familiar with this program tell me what is my probability to get into this program?
0.029 |  summer residence how hot does it get in the summer in Toronto? (may-august)  I'm deciding whether to live in Whitney or Morrison Hall (UC) during the summer semester and idk if its worth an extra $300 to stay in Morrison Hall bc it has AC lol
0.0 |  University college ? I was accepted to u of t a few weeks ago. I will be staying in the university college residence and I was just wondering about the pros and cons. If anyone has any experiences please share them!
0.014 |  kind of stupid question about writing and rhetoric hi! I'm a (clearly overambitious) grade 11 student and I was looking into courses and the writing and rhetoric course caught my eye. I'm not a math and science person and I like writing and opinion based stuff so I thought maybe that would be good to look into? but I have a few questions  1. the program website is innis college. do I have to go there to take the course? I'm looking at vic or university college   2. if that falls under the humanities and I apply for that branch can I still take some social science courses because I'm also into sociology and the like.  3. anyone who has taken it, is it a good course? what are things you can go into from it?  thank you so much
0.108 |  What's wrong with some of the people at trinity college? Before I get downvoted, I am in trin too...but a lot of my friends are in other colleges like UC, new, innis.etc  I'm in a bunch of the college facebook groups, and most of them seem pretty chill or just advertisements, except trin for some reason has a weird obsession I feel with like, being gay (nothing wrong with it), sexuality, political correctness and so on.  Recently there was a post about having a screening of a drag queen pageant or something?  Why?  I also feel like the trin social group just jerks each other off liking each others comments, because I feel when a random trin member asks a question or makes a comment, nobody pays attention, but if one of the heads or social kids say something (not even funny or witty) they just circle jerk each other up.    Point is, what's wrong with trin?  What's with their weird obsession with being "different" from other uoft students who are jsut there for their degree?  When do these kids have time to foam from the mouth about social justice and sexuality?  don't they have assignments and midterms? 
0.043 |  The road less travelled DAE never cut through the rotman buildin to get over to trin   DAE never go through philosopher's walk to get to bloor from UC?  DAE go bahen to mining building  through walberg building  and most importantly, DAE cut throguh Northrop Frye McDonalds to get to St Mikes
0.022 |  Where are some good places at UofT to study with a girl I like? So this girl I like/ have been out with has asked to come study with me. Where do I take her? Robarts and Gerstein seem too formal and cold, while UC and Sandford Fleming, while chill, seem a little too inconvenient for studying. Are there better places in random buildings, and would renting a room be recommended?   *Edit: I'd also prefer to be able to talk to her without distracting others 
0.065 |  Hypothesis: UofT (possibly just UTM) has a significantly lower average GPA than most schools. If you're considering grad school, look elsewhere. So I'm nearly my 4th year, and I'm working on a sociology paper regarding issues in higher education, and although my reserach/paper isn't done yet, I do have a hypothesis that UofT does have an average GPA lower than most other schools, and this low GPA phenomenon is actually terrible for students, especially if you want to go to grad school.  Before I start, let me say that I'm a UTM student double major in CS and Criminology finishing up my last semester here. A lot of the statistics that I'm looking at is conjuncture and speculation, but that is due to the fact that I don't have better data. I'm trying my best to get better data, and it will be in my paper if I can actually pull it off.  So first of all, what is the average UofT GPA? Well, I don't know. I don't know what is the average of all the GPAs of all the students who go here, nor do I know the average of all the GPAs of all the graduates. But, I do have one way to speculate. I looked at my transcript (4th year, 1 semester to go), and I averaged up all the course averages of every class I have. Using the standard grading policy (c- = 1.7, c = 2, b = 3, etc), I converted the average letter grade of every course I have taken here, and calculated a simple average. That number was 2.4 (unweighted), 2.37 if I weigh the courses that are 1.0 credit as double 0.5 credit courses.  I asked around my buddies, doing the same math on their transcript, and I got essentially the same thing for most of my friends (again, biased sample dominated by CS, math, stats criminology and sociology students). Most people tallied up the averages of all their courses, and got numbers in the low twos, usually between 2.1 - 2.5.  What this means is that if you took the exact same courses that I took, and was a perfectly average student getting the average in every single one, my GPA would be 2.37.   Now the next problem is, I don't actually know the distributions of GPAs here at UofT. But assuming that GPAs are normally distributed, we can then make some further calculations.   Question is, what is the average GPA at other schools? Well [UC Berkley is nice enough to give you an average of all the students per department](http://projects.dailycal.org/grades/), [Harvard's school paper says that the median GPA there is 3.67](http://www.thecrimson.com/article/2013/12/9/stats-grade-inflation/). [University of Waterloo has an internal report that showed at one point 41% of the grades they handed out were As and 30% were Bs](https://web.archive.org/web/20130119161037/http://www.cte.uwaterloo.ca///research_on_teaching_and_learning/documents/Mayer401A.pdf) Converting to the GPA scale, that means 71% of the grades handed out there are 2.7 or above (since 2.7 is B-). But unfortunately, those are like, 3 of the only schools I can find that do report on average GPAs and grading statistics.  Lacking better data, I started looking around, and found that although I can't figure out the Average GPA at other schools, I can make a very good educated guess. [Consider this report by the CUSC graduating students survey](http://www.cusc-ccreu.ca/CUSC_2015_Graduating_Master%20Report_English.pdf)  2.3-2.4 is by definition around a C-ish grade (since 2.3 is a c+ in a GPA scale). Looking at section 3.1, it says that most students report an average grade of B- or above. 34% of students in a sample of ~18 thousand Canadian university students reported an A average.   Looking at the CUSC report, 34% of students reported an A average (A-, A, A+), and 54% of students reported a B average (B-, B, B+). Essentially only 12 percent of students have a C+ average or lower.   Remember how I earlier predicted that the UofT average GPA is around 2.4? Considering that B- is 2.7, that means that a hypothetical UofT student who gets the average in every class is in the bottom 12% of all university students in Canada.  Assuming that grades are distributed normally (I know, shitty assumption, but the registrar won't give me data), I'm willing to venture a guess that the Canadian average grade is around a B+, or 3.3, or around a grade point above the UofT average using the 4.0 GPA scale.  To me this is a really scary statistic, and it means that UofT students are constantly at a disadvantage. This suggests that if a UofT student is of average intelligence and puts in average effort, he/she'll get a GPA significantly below that of an average student at another university. You need to be significantly above average here just to be average at another school.  When you apply for grad school, the grade you put in above average for is similar to that of a student from another school who put in average effort. Sure, often graduate schools consider UofT students more favorably, but my question is, do they consider UofT grads 1 whole GPA point more favorably?  So you say, well, I can work harder. It isn't impossible to get good grades here. But if you're willing to put in above average effort to get the same grades that students in other schools are putting in average effort to get, if you went somewhere else you could have put that effort towards building your resume in jobs/volunteering/research, etc.  Finally, again using my (albeit shitty) assumption of normally distributed grades, the fact that UofT classes have lower averages than other schools mean that you're more likely to fail or be forced to drop a course in fear of failing here at UofT then at other schools. You are fewer standard deviations away from failure at a school where the average course grade is a c+ than at a school where the average course grade is a b+.
0.0 |  moving Moving from Chestnut to UC (Morrison hall) what should I expect?
0.097 |  First year student at NC, want to switch to UC. I didn't pay enough attention when I applied, and New is just way to lame and boring for me.  What can I do to switch my residence to University College, (other than talk to the UC registrar, of course)? 
0.0 |  Anyone know anything about University College? Was recently admitted to Rotman for the Fall of 2018 as a US applicant (dual citizen though; originally from Canada but go to a prep school in the US now) and was also admitted into University College. I really don't know much about it, other than that it's one of the oldest and biggest colleges. How's the social life/scene there (partying, lifestyle, diversity, etc.)? Really don't know much, so any information would be greatly appreciated.
0.091 |  Stuck in the Morrison Hall elevator for the past 30 minutes - AMA Edit: AMA over - we just got out
0.0 |  Hello, I am in the process of applying to EngSci and I wanted to choose a dorm before the March deadline but I do not know which one to choose. Which ones are better in terms of food, facilities and hygiene? University college, trinity , new col. or chesnut? I need your suggestions! Thanks! 
0.0 |  Favorite places to nap on campus? I usually like to nap in UC's JCR but sometimes all the couches are occupied. Where are some other good places to nap?
0.0 |  College choice for humanities student I recently applied for a bachelors in history and am now faced with my college ranking decisions. I've heard that colleges don't really change much (other than res) but I was just wondering what college provides the best atmosphere for a history student. Also, are there any specific colleges that offer private bursaries for humanities? I was thinking of setting university college as my first choice since my brother went there and said it was really centred and had lots of bursaries to offer, but I would like more information. Any advice would be helpful! Thanks in advance.
0.0 |  Staying a Few Nights on Campus (St. George) Does anyone know if any of the residence on campus offer short term stays? Moving places at them moment, and remember hearing a few years ago that Sir Dan's offered cheap accommodations for students for a few days. Is this still around or do any other residences offer this, and if so who do I talk to? Thanks. 
0.0 |  Which college to choose? I am in grade 12 applying for UofT for Anthropology. Three colleges that catch my eye are Trinity, Vic, and UC because of the architecture. I am aware that Trinity and Vic must be listed first.   Some questions I have are:  Can more than one college accept me? Lets say I rank the colleges 1. Trinity; 2. UC; could both Trinity and UC accept me?   Also, lets say I choose Trinity over Vic, would I have to put Vic at the bottom of the list?   If I go to Trinity, could I apply for other One programs of other colleges?  What are the pros and cons of these three colleges and what is the atmosphere, staff, food, events, culture like?  EDIT: I wont be on residence, I will be commuting 
0.0 |  Armed men at UC? [removed]
0.0 |  Victoria/St. Michael's for science majors? I'm applying for chemistry and can't decide on a college. I was leaning towards Victoria and St. Michael's but heard they're far from the science buildings. Is the trek across Queen's Park really that intolerable? Should I apply for UC instead?
0.164 |  Anyone in UC feel ill after eating dinner at Fung tonight? I'm currently shitting my brains out and I'm wondering if anyone else feels like ass after eating from Fung tonight.  I think I had Tortolini and a chicken wrap.  Just wanna make sure it's just me and not the food.  Sorry for tmi.
0.0 |  NSFW UC building featured in porno LOL 
0.0 |  NSFW UC building featured in porno LOL [deleted]
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.036 |  [International] Help me choose a UTSG College pls! Hey there! Apologies if this has been asked already but I really need help with picking my top choice :(  I've narrowed my choices down to Innis, New, UC, and Woodsworth  I'd like to go to a college with the least amount of college-specific requirements (I want to avoid unique first-year programs like VicOne for example if possible) Does every college have something like this in their first year? Which college's requirements are the most chill? Are these programs optional?  I want to study Computer Science and Physics and plan to live in residence. Which college do you think would get me closest to classes/best libraries/technology clubs etc?  I'm an atheist and I don't mind anything else about college as long as I can make friends and interact with profs and the party scene is great :D  I would prefer a smaller-sized college over a larger one but then again, it doesn't matter that much  Pls help  [EDIT: after doing some more research, I still can't choose between New and UC!!!]
0.0 |  UC vs NC I am grade 12 apllying to UofT this year, and I am at the stage of ranking the colleges, I am interested in CS, so which one will be better?  I want to get into single room, and want good food. Any opinions or suggestions?
0.0 |  University College's been noticed in /r/evilbuildings 
0.0 |  Chances for social sciences? See title. Grade 12 student with a 90 avg. GPA is 3.5 unweighted, 4.25 weighted, taking 4 AP courses. 29 on ACT. Looking to specialise in anthropology or double major in anthro/IR. Ranked Vic first, UC second. I will be applying after November 1, so that means only grade 12 marks are considered by U of T admissions?  Any info would be appreciated!
0.0 |  Those in UC res, how you liking it? Morrison/ Sir dans/ Whitney  -parties, lifestyle, food? 
0.178 |  just lost my wallet somewhere either around University College or Mclennan Labs! [deleted]
0.11 |  saw some applications queries bout the diff between the college. i wrote a summary of them in a previous post, but thought we could help out the potential uoft students by compiling a new summary of the good/bad of each college. I'll start B-) Sometimes the types of ppl u see People in:    *Woodsworth* = tend to be rotman/business students if i recall. having ur dorm at this college will be beneficial to you if you are in Rotman cuz most of the courses are located around there (e.g. woodsworth basement, woodsworth college, rotman building, etc.). Also dorm wise, it's very nice - you get your own room + kitchen + closest of all colleges to st. george station. If you are a life sci student, might suck cuz most of our first year courses are in conhall/ss/medsci which is kinda far.. u get a key for ur room ontop of the key to actually enter the actual dorm.       *Innis* = is more arts students. also btw, if u belong to a a college some courses you are given priority I THINKKKK DKM IF IM WRONG. Same as woodsworth, but it's more strict regards to security (esp. on guests staying). Still relatively close to stgeorge, but closer to the conhall/ss/medsci buildings + robarts. also has that special roomkey for urself          *vic* = i just think that it's far tbh. i mean it doesnt really seem like it's on campus but that's the only thing. I remember going there to visit my friend and it was lowkey sketchy bc it was in an alley that's not very high traffic. however, close to bay street i thinkk.... and there's lots of food there ayo.          *trin* = u need to apply + essay + it's basically like hogwarts. u get robes and u do those stupid ceremonies (sorry i think im salty?) and students are seen as snobby. I personally held no judgment against them cuz i didnt know better but 3/3 people i met there are snobby. availability heuristics??! THROWING AROUND RANDOM STATS TERM I HAVE A VAGUE UNDERSTANDING OF? also close to everything ish --&gt; uc/conhall/medsci/ss/robarts. also i think the caf there had pretty good food?             *nutz* = LOL i wanted chestnut because it looked so nice but it was shared dorm and i wasnt bout to sleep with 1 eye open scared of my roommate stealing my shit. farthest from campus, closest to eaton centre. apparently walking gets old quick, especially during the winter time so gl;hf. food is shit too? i heard? who knows? and i heard that the elevators are constantly broken so unless u need motivation to get fit it seems that nobody wants to go there B- ) IM SORRY I DONT SPEAK FOR EVERYBODY JUST MYSELF             new college is behind ss. all i know is that it's quaint and that 2/2 friends that go there are the kindest and chillest ppl ever. if this is the one in wilcocks, i believe that there is shared washroom, but the room itself is cold. i just remember my room during this summer prog i stayed was concrete and it felt like a jail and i was sad        what's the 7th one. oh fuck it's *uc* . I dont know anything about UC.                hope this helps .     fixed stupid format
0.073 |  Where is UC175???? Hi,  I have an  upcoming class in this room but when I went to UC to look for it in advance, I couldn't find it. Could anyone please help/direct me???  Thanks, Very lost first year
0.0 |  Are they any places in UTSG where i can charge my phone, eat and is air conditioned? at the uc junior common room now but it can get really hot especially with the heat wave 
0.0 |  Upcoming College Library book sales at U of T ... If you're new to campus - and even if you're not - you might like to know about four book sales that are coming up at various colleges    [St Mike's College at U of T](https://stmikes.utoronto.ca/booksale/) is having a sale at the end September 27 ~ September 30 2017   [Trinity College](http://www.trinity.utoronto.ca/library_archives/friends/book_sale.html) is having their sale Thursday, October 19th to Monday, October 23rd, 2017   University College is having their sale on [October 13th-16th](http://www.uc.utoronto.ca/fall-sale).  And [Victoria College](http://library.vicu.utoronto.ca/friends/book_sale.html) Thursday, September 21st until Monday, September 25th at Old Vic, 91 Charles St. W. (Museum Subway station). 
0.012 |  Choosing a College and Residence Hi there everyone! I'm applying for U of T SG for 2018 and as the title says, I got some questions about choosing a college and residence. A bit of background on me; I'm a Senior and a Canadian currently living in Southeast Asia. I have a huge interest in Politics and History so naturally, I'm inclined to major in Political Science or International Relations. Career-wise, I'm geared towards attaining a Law Degree so I can either end up in the Foreign Service or in a Think Tank. However, I'm keeping an open mind about that at the time being. I do MUN and Student Council as extracurriculars and I did some community outreach immersion with ex-juvy kids. I did well in my Junior Year (GPA of 3.75 out of 4); currently doing AP World History and Comparative Government; I got an ACT score of 27 with an 8 on the essay (Gonna take the October test to raise it); 700 and 640 on my World and US History SAT 2s, respectively.  I did my research and I'm stuck choosing between Trinity and Innis. I know Trinity has a concentration on IR and ESL while Innis has a stream on Cinema, Writing and Urban Studies. Moreover, I'm aware that Trinity and Innis state that they only consider first-choice applicants - Trinity being the college that requires an essay as a supplement. Lastly, I know that whichever college you end up doesn't restrict you from any program. I'm definitely open to either UC and New as my second choices.  From scouring different blogs, information on the U of T site, opinions from people who went to U of T, it seems like Trinity is the most selective amongst the colleges but has a bad rep. Innis seems to be competitive as well. They don't seem to publish statistics about previous incoming classes.   I plan on living in residence throughout my whole 4 years and financials are not much of a concern. I don't really have a preference for a particular type of residence (single rooms, suites) but residences with great amenities and facilities is a huge plus. I've never been on a campus tour however, I've watched a couple of tours on Youtube and seen some photos of the dorms. Out of the two, Innis' residence seems to have more coverage than Trinity.   So here are my questions:  1. Trinity or Innis? - considering my interests in mind.  2. How competitive is it getting into either of the two? Realistic chances?  3. How is the student life/atmosphere in Trinity and Innis? Pros and Cons?  4. Can you be a member of Trinity or Innis but live in another college residence?  5. UC or New as second choices?   Thanks for taking your time reading this. Have a great day!
0.127 |  Nice clean real washrooms at uoft? I don't want to use stalls and stuff I want a real washrooms with batthib and shower. HELP I haven't taken a shit in a week cause the washrooms at UC are stalls and my stomach hurts so bad. Where can I get a clean real washrooms???
0.0 |  U of T vs University College London [deleted]
0.0 |  Deliveries at Sir Daniel Wilson Residence Hey, I was just wondering if you guys know if the Sir Daniel Wilson Porter's office takes deliveries/packages, as the residence handbook only mentions Whitney and Morrison.
0.032 |  Can I have guests over to stay in my room during orientation? UC resident here and I'm wondering if I can have my parents stay in my dorm for 3 days as a guest during orientation week. The hotels are too hard to find so can they just temporarily stay over? Also, when do meal plans start? Do we have access to meals starting from September 4th or is that extra stuff?
0.028 |  Has anyone gone to UC Day? If so, what happened? I am an international student enrolled in the psych major and I didnt want to go to Frosh week because that week is going to be very busy for me. I was thinking about going to UC Day because it is short and only 1 day. Does anyone know what happens there?
0.195 |  Can i leave my position as a UC frosh leader now? Lately I haven't been feeling like doing frosh anymore. I did pay fees to be a frosh leader, but do u think i can quit it just days before? i don't care for a refund. Do u think it might make a bad rep.. considering i am a returning UC res student...? 
0.478 |  How bad is the UC meal plan? I'm scared. 
0.0 |  Is it to billet as a commuter in uc frosh? The date in the website said the deadline is the 23, but the email after registration said the 16th. Is it too late?
0.0 |  UC residence bathrooms How many people per bathroom at UC? (specifically morrison) Will there be like lines to shower and stuff?
0.08 |  Should I sign up for FROSH? Hi, I'm entering UC college and I'm still unsure as to whether or not I should attend FROSH. Even though I'm already in thousands of dollars of debt from tuition and res, $130 just seems really expensive.   Is it possible to make friends without attending FROSH? Or is it a lot harder?
0.098 |  Whitney hall?? I just got room assignment for University College and I am on the third floor of Whitney Hall, room FE3409 Ferguson House. First of all, any neighbors? Second of all, any experience with these rooms ? I heard there might be blue carpet for my section which is kind of gross and unfair considering the rest of the hall is hardwood... what's the atmosphere like in Whitney Hall? Bathrooms? Any advantages or disadvantages of being on the third floor? Does the walk to breakfast suck? Decor tips? Anything else I should know about res at UC in general? Thanks guys!!! Super excited!
0.0 |  Assigned to a temporary residence room at UC The email says it's a triple room in a reconfigured common area in morrision hall. Does anyone know what living in there would be like? Is there a possibility of getting moved to a normal room at some point?
0.0 |  Guy spits on Lambo parked in front of UC 
0.118 |  UC Res. Morrison Hall Elevators Broken Since April, Won't Be Fixed Until October Earliest According to the porter. Enjoy move-in week, y'all.
0.0 |  Minimum aGPA requirement scholarship for University College? As the title, thanks!
0.045 |  How is Vic Freshman Orientation? Our theme ("I am Victoria") was revealed today, and honestly, I think it's pretty pretentious and lame, especially when you put it up against, like, UC's theme (Jurrassic).    I heard that Vic's orientations have a rep for being the best though????  WHAT SHOULD I EXPECT?
0.212 |  QS University Rankings are bullshit https://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/world-university-rankings/2018  According to this list, we have been sliding downwards and now we are ranked #31st wtf?? Our ranking was 20 in 2015 and that's accurate as it's supposed to be.   How the fuck is Northwestern University, Australian National University, and Tsinghua university ahead of us? And UCLA ranking &amp; UC Berkely rankings are just wrong, fuck there is so many things wrong with their ranking system. Times Higher Education is much better than this piece of crap. Whoever made this ranking have been smoking some good crack.
0.041 |  Overbooked residence I'm a first year student at UC. I signed up for residence but they sent emails saying to cancel our residence application since there is not enough space available. If not enough people cancel their residence application they'd assign students to temporary or expanded locations and rooms.  I live too far away to commute to campus everyday. I could lease an apartment but it would be way more expensive and too much responsibility for me (considering its the first time I'd be living alone). What do they mean by temporary or expanded locations? If it's a bunch of us sleeping in sleeping bags in the dining hall I'd pass lol. Thanks!
0.037 |  University College Frosh Orientation or Thrive at UC? Hey guys, so the frosh week registration deadline is coming up and I'm stuck between choosing the week-long orientation or the two-day long one. I'm not a big fan of parties in RL, so I'm wondering if I should choose to register for the Thrive at UC orientation which lasts 2 days and is free... or go for the official UC one, which costs $120 and has a ton of socializing stuff. I mean, the street fest carnival stuff is campus-wide so I can attend it without registering for frosh so...     any advice?
0.026 |  When and how do people usually get their residence room assignment? I'm going into first year and I've applied for the University College residence this year. I got accepted too late so I don't have the first year guarantee... recently I got an email encouraging people who can afford not living on residence to do so. I'm worried I won't get a residence room! So, when do people usually get their residence room assignment? Is it sent through email?
