0.066 |  Commuting or staying on the campus I have a feeling my parents(read dad) wouldn't allow me to live on campus, I'm still gonna fill out the form to be on the safe side. But mostly I think I'll have to commute.  I wanted to know if I'll have to apply for the dorms of the college I chose or if I can choose other residences ? I applied to vic as my first choice.   I heard there are mixed washrooms and no fking way I want that and If the dorms are worth the ridiculous cost which residence might be better?
0.0 |  The “Vic 100” and Victoria College in general Anyone have any insight beyond what I find on the official websites? My kid was accepted to Vic and UofT/Vic are one of her two top choices. Any extra info about the college itself or the Vic100 program would be much appreciated while she figures out where she is going. Thanks!
0.0 |  Advice for the Residences at Victoria College Hi! So I recently got into Victoria College and I am now trying to figure out which residence I should apply for. Right now I am looking at Upper/Lower Burwash and Margaret Addison since both seem like the best for freshmen.  If anyone who has lived in these residences has any advice related to community, social exposure, or other characteristics that would be awesome :)
0.038 |  THE VICTORIA COLLEGE ENVIRONMENTAL FASHION SHOW! (VEFS) Hi everyone!   We are VEFS, a student run Vic club! We are hosting a fashion show March 24, 25, and the 26 showcasing sustainable outfits all made from thrifted materials or hand crafted! With over 50+ creative  runway looks you don't want to miss out! Our theme this year is Andromeda: Where we originated from, and where we may return if environmental destruction persists. The reason in which our actions to address climate change and environmental justice may actually propel the problem, and the progression of time on Earth may only return us to the cosmic region we're born in.   Doors open for Friday and Saturday at 5PM, and 1PM on Sunday! There will also be thrift store pop ups and poster sales after the show. Bring your friends and come enjoy the production! The show will be held at William Doo Auditorium located on campus at 45 Willcocks St. New College. Visit our website at [vefs.ca](https://vefs.ca) for tickets and more information. You can also find us on Instagram @vefs\_   See you at the show!  Cheers,  VEFS
0.028 |  Will i survive next year? Hi so this is going to be a bit of a ramble. I've been accepted into UofT at Vic college for social science and I'm so excited! I'm nervous though as my mom says UofT is so competitive that I won't be able to make friends or continue dating my girlfriend. Is it still possible to date and have friends and do extra curriculars at UofT in social science?
0.0 |  Take our E.J. Pratt Library survey for a chance to win a $50 voucher at the Victoria University Friends of the Library Book Shop 
0.0 |  I got nominated for an admission award from vic College and have the choice of being interviewed by Renu Kanga Fonseca or anyone else. any ideas on who renu is or what I should decide? Also any advice for the actual interview (key points I should focus on etc)?
0.0 |  Hi, I am going to uoft from this september, and I wanted some information about the Ones program. Hi, I am going to uoft from this september, and I wanted some information about the Ones program. The application for Trinity One, Victoria One, and Munk One, is due this month. I want to go to law school after my undergraduate education. Will it be beneficial for my studies/ career? Do you recommend joining the Ones program?  Thank you so much for your help! : )
0.0 |  Meal plans - Victoria College Hi all! Incoming student and wondering about meal plans. I used meal plan in my undergraduate in alberta because it was convenient without living in residence. The closest residence to most of my classes is Victoria college.  1. Can I get the meal plan even without living there? 2. Is the food decent there? 3. How much is for each meal? Like I get the different plans but it doesnt say each use price.  Thank you!!
0.03 |  Place to live as a upper studies student Hi, i got an offer from uoft vic college. I want to ask some questions about living.  1. Vic residence 2. Chestnut Residence or Campus-One 3. Living alone (near downtown condo)  I want to have my own place to chill, also i want to use bathroom well.  I am not sure what it means sharing bathroom. If i choose single room in vic residence, how many people use the same bathroom??  One more question, i think i can apply from March 15th cuz i am an upper studies student. Is it true??  Even though i am not first year student, i am really newbie in Toronto.   Feel free to comment among three options.
0.089 |  Can anyone living in Victoria College residence share about their experience? First year and upper year students staying in any of the Vic residence,  Could you please share/pm pictures or videos of Margaret Addison Hall, Rowell Jackman Hall, Upper and lower Burwash Hall? All the available tours on YouTube are very old and not up-to-date. Please share how has been your experience staying at Vic res.
0.125 |  How is Life at Victoria College I got into Victoria college, but from pictures and vlogs the dorms and the building itself looks in a very unsound condition, the rooms look low-key ugly and not well facilitated, is that true? And if so can I change my university or residence??
0.058 |  My experience with being locked out of residence at UofT Victoria College Annesley Hall It's been 3 years now and this experience still appears in my head at night, so I thought of creating a reddit account and posting it. Hopefully, I can stop thinking about it.  This was in my first year, when COVID19 was a thing in China, but not in other countries yet. Mainly just felt upset on how little these people care about their students. Hopefully you guys have a better dean now and no one else experienced or have to experience what I experienced.  Basically what happened is that in the middle of winter in 2020, sometime after12:30am I left my room to use the shared washroom. I took my keycard and not my phone and It was during the weekends so my roommate left to live with her parents. When I came back I realize the keycard doesn't work anymore, again. Given how much we spend and the rate that the keycard breaking is pretty ridiculous (really hope they changed the keycards now). So I was in panic and decided to ask the student dean living at this floor. I knock and she opened. I know she has a masterkey and asked if she can open my room for me. She said she can't because she is not allowed to and I might not live here. I said I'm in pajamas and slippers and holding my broken keycard in the middle of a winter night. She said she is not allowed to help me and told me to go get my keycard fixed in the building that does it. The place to do that is outside of the resident and going out without a keycard means I'm locked out. I said it's snowing, windy and negative degrees and I'm in my pajamas. She just told me to go and closed the door on me.   I remembered my roommate, who experienced similar things to me. It was on the weekends when I wasn't in residence. She had her period and panicked out the door. Didn't bring her pants or her keycard. The dean said that she isn't allowed to used the keycard and that she couldn't tell if she is an outsider (yep, an outsider coming in in the middle of winter with no pants and a pajama top). Then she  remember her friend said something similar happened and their dean (the first floor dean) used her masterkey to help. So she went and lucky the first floor dean was there and helped her out.  For me, not so lucky, the first floor dean wasn't there. So there are two options for me, to go to the building to get my keycard renewed or find another way. Took some time and mental break downs but I remembered from the back of my head that I could press 0 on any phones from the building and someone would come and help me. Did so and someone came with a masterkey and got in my room.  Next morning went to get my keycard fixed, and it turns out the Goldring student center was locked and at that time I didn't know how to go to the building for the keycards without going pass the Goldring student center. Even with boots and a winter coat I was freezing. Took about 30mins for me to find out I could just walk past the student center and get to my destination.  Later in the weekdays, I went to the student center and told them my experience and my roommate's. The purpose was to tell them how unfitting the dean was, problems with their system, and ask for an apology. They promised an in person apology from the dean and I can tell you it did not and will not happen. I could tell he didn't really care until I told him that if I went out that night and realize the student center was closed. I would probably just run to KFC and ask them to call 911. That was when he immediately said there is no need to call 911 and started to act like he cared. It's funny cuz he was helping the dean explain to me and also said stuff like she couldn't tell if I was actually living there. And when I said I was in pajamas, slippers, and holding my keycard he just changed the topic. He was basically saying now this already happened to you and your roommate and there is nothing we can do to change it, so we should only focus on how can we avoid it for other people. So the only difference is that there is a paper on the dean's door with the full phone number and good luck memorizing that number if you have to use one of the residence's phone.
0.0 |  for incoming vic college students hey guys! i made an instagram page for incoming victoria college students so we can connect &amp; get to know each other !! pls follow :))) @/victoriacollege2027 on instagram 🫶🫶🫶
0.0 |  Life sci + Vic One Chambers I was wondering if anyone did this combo. I'm in the process of applying right now and I put Chambers as my first rank. A notif popped up saying that life sci students may have courses that clash with Vic One... What does that mean? Has anyone done this combo and how did it work out?
0.0 |  U of T St. George and Victoria College Scholarship Hello! I got into university of toronto st. george campus mathematical and physical sciences as well as victoria college yesterday, and I was wondering how the scholarships work?  So basically I am a international student and I don't think I have any info about the scholarships on my admission letter. I emailed the victoria college registrarial office and they said it would have been noted on my offer letter if I recieved an admissions scholarships. Does it mean that they are not offering me any entrance scholarship from u of t or victoria college?  Also does anyone know if the u of t or victoria college will offer any other automatically considered scholarship later on?
0.088 |  I am so confused!!!!!!!!!! I have a 96% average and I applied in November. I finished my Victoria College supp app much ahead of the Dec 15 deadline. Yesterday, I got into UofT Mississauga campus life science and St.George campus kinesiology, which I’m very proud of. But my application for UofT SG life science is still under review when a lot of people with lower averages than mine got in yesterday.  1. Does this mean I’m not getting in at all? 2. Is it because I also applied to UTM for the same program? Can they only give me an offer from one campus for that program? 3. If my supp App for Victoria College is not that good, will they still consider me for other colleges?  4. Do they let you know if you’re not accepted in the first round and deferred to the next round? Or does the status stay “application under review”? Please let me know….I’m going crazy
0.029 |  Question abt colleges and scholarships I just got my offer of admission for the main St George campus for U of T (humanities), and had a couple of questions:  \- How is University College like? I applied for Victoria College but I guess I didn't get it because it wasn't on my letter of admission (is there an acceptance/rejection letter for vic since there's a separate application?), feeling a little depressed about it so can anyone let me know if the colleges really matter and if UC is just as good?  \- When do I know if I got a scholarship or not? Maybe I just didn't receive any since I had indicated I wasn't in need of financial aid, but I have read other threads of people saying they received a scholarship notif for the main campus a week to a month after their admission letter was sent. I got scholarships for the two other campuses in the letters so wanting to know if its a waiting game or not lol  I just got my offer of admission to the main St George campus for U of T (humanities), and had a couple of questions: Any other advice for me going into U of T would be greatly appreciated! U of T is my first choice but I am still keeping my options open for a bit! \^\_\^
0.0 |  Does your college matter if you don't live in residence? I'm a student at UTSC, but I'm transferring to St George next year for Life Sci at Victoria College   I don't really know anything about the whole "college system" at St George, I kind of just ranked them at random. I'll be living off campus and I'm not going to get a meal plan so I didn't think much of it.  I know that your college is mainly just for residence (and also like billing and registars office etc) but does it really matter which college your in beyond that?   Is there any significant difference between them? (Besides the college specific uoft merch they sell lol)
0.0 |  Victoria College clubs spent less than half their fall-term budgets. What happened? 
0.0 |  Do colleges even matter in UofT So I recently was admitted into Vic. I don't know if colleges matter or if they play a role in lets say clubs and extracurriculars. Anyone have any insight into this?
0.0 |  Where is the Victoria College Profile on the Join U of T Portal located? I applied to Victoria College through my 101 OUAC application and I got a follow-up email from Victoria College to submit the Victoria College Applicant Profile through the Join U of T Portal; however, I cannot find it as I just see an "Awards Profile." Is this "Awards Profile" considered as the Victoria College Applicant Profile?   https://preview.redd.it/w0lduusojnfa1.png?width=1107&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=5665c8f78b53a9f6b0f717b61d433260d9091062
0.0 |  Vic One Advice at Victoria College [removed]
0.0 |  Is it Vic One program optional? [removed]
0.0 |  Is it a must to join Vic One program to join at UofT Victoria College? [removed]
0.0 |  Victoria College Admission [removed]
0.0 |  [Repost] Locations of microwaves The original comment was deleted so I will repost it here.  &gt;	Near St. George:  	1.	Sidney Smith Cafeteria 	2.	Robarts Cafeteria 	3.	Innis Café (2 Sussex Avenue) 	4.	Rotman Cafeteria (The Exchange) 	5.	University College Commuter Student Centre 	6.	University College Junior Common Room  &gt;	Near Convocation Hall   	1.	Medical Sciences Cafeteria (near the Starbucks in MS) 	2.	The Pit (basement) in Sanford Fleming has multiple 	3.	The Computer Sciences Student Union office (BA 2250) 	4.	The Cube in Bahen might still have one?  &gt;	Other places on campus:  	1.	UTSU Student Commons near College and Spadina 	2.	OISE building near St. George and Bloor has a few 	3.	New College’s Student Lounge has one in Wilson Hall 	4.	Basement of Hart House 	5.	Commuter Lounge in Victoria College’s Goldring Student Centre (not the Goldring Gym)
0.0 |  Anyone want to give us a tour of their residence? My friend and I currently live on campus and we want to see what every UofT residence looks like! If you live at any of the following residences and would like to show us (two girls) around, we’d really appreciate it :)  In exchange, we’ll give you your choice of: (1) homemade cookies (no weed) (2) a pink preroll (rolled by us) (3) five hits of a sakura grape elfbar (4) two new friends :D  – Chestnut – Chelsea – St. Hilda’s – Trinity – Woodsworth – New – Victoria (any) – UC (any) – St. Mike’s (any) – Innis  BONUS: Campus One, Tartu
0.0 |  Does anyone wanna visit the ROM today? the ROM has free entry from 4:30-8:30, i wanna check out it cus it’s right next to vic and I’ve never been. shoot me a dm if you’re interested!
0.0 |  Which fall term grades have you received late/not yet? I'm writing an article for *The Strand* (Victoria College paper) and I'd appreciate an idea of the classes/programs, where people have had issues with receiving their marks later! Let me know in the comment below or DM.
0.048 |  Interview callout: have your winter term marks come out later than usual? I’m writing a piece for The Strand (Victoria College’s newspaper) about the issues people have been having with receiving their winter term grades later than usual this semester.  How has this affected you? Uncertainty over what courses to take this semester? Issues with grad school application? General annoyance?  Let me know if you would be willing to talk to me over a quick Zoom call this week that I promise won’t be longer than 10 minutes! Also feel free to share your experiences in the comments below. I’d also love to speak with the instructors or TAs doing the marking. Reach me at [maeve.ellis@mail.utoronto.ca](mailto:maeve.ellis@mail.utoronto.ca) or dm me on Reddit!
0.0 |  Which UOFT college is best to raise my admission chances? Hi,  I'm applying to Rotmans and would like to know which of the 7 colleges is easiest to get into? I'm looking to increase my admission chances as much as possible.  The colleges are Innis, St. Micheals, University, Victoria, New College, Trinity &amp; Woodsworth.  thanks
0.0 |  victoria college residences hey guys!! i’ve just applied to UOFT and put vic college as my top choice! i’m looking into the residence buildings that vic offers and i was wondering if anyone who’s lived there recently could tell me about them? i already know about the different floor layouts and stuff based on the information on the vic website, so i’m hoping to hear about social scene &amp; the quirks of living in each building!!   most important to me: i want to have an easier time making friends and meeting people ++ clean bathrooms   thank you:)
0.0 |  Help with victoria college student profile Hey, can anyone help me with filling out the profile? If anyone has any example essays or tips on how to write them can you please pm me. Thank you
0.0 |  What are Vic students called? Couldn't find this anywhere else when I googled it so I thought I'd ask here
0.079 |  Will it put me out of early consideration if I don't submit Victoria College student profile? I'm a 12 grader applying to UofT. I don't really have a particular college in mind that I want to get into (I even put Victoria as my second choice), so I don't really want to bother writing the extra essays. But the early consideration deadline is getting close and I wonder if not filling the Vic student profile will put me out of early consideration? If not, great! If so, is it possible to submit the Vic profile without filling the essays in?
0.025 |  Which college is best for a social science student? I'm a prospective first year and I have to list down my college preferences for the application... I'd be living in residence and choosing based on location (close to social science lectures), food options (I'm a vegetarian), community (good social scene), and facilities (prefer a spacious bedroom and a private/shared bathroom instead of a communal one). Right now my choices are vic, new college, university college, and trinity in no particular order.
0.028 |  Desperate for admissions advice- please help! Chances of Getting In and How To Improve That Chance  Hi!  I’m interested in applying for UTSG for the arts program and hopefully get into Trinity or Victoria.  I need some advice on my marks though.  In highschool I took 2 4U/M courses and 1 alternative education course each semester because of some mental health stuff.   So my Grade 12 looked like this:  English 93 Visual Arts 93 95  Business Leadership 95  Then 2 Grade 10 Alternative Education Class    A year later, I took 2 classes one after another in adult high school. Added: Data 94 International Business 68 (Wasn’t feeling great when I took this course)  Another year later, I retook the International Business. It became: International Business 93  I’ve been doing things other than highschool courses and know that supplementary things count on the application but I just want to focus on the grades in this post.   So here I am 2.5 years out of highschool but I don’t know if the school will accept me because of the 68 since I heard they don’t like repeats.  I plan to explain why I did poorly in the special consideration form.  I’m also considered that they won’t think I can handle the school because I took maximum 2 4U/M at a time.  I am in a much better place so I know I can now though.  Should I put that in the special consideration form that I had mental health issues so I had to space it out?  Or would that make it worse?  If I take another 4U/M course, get a good mark and replace International Business in my Top 6, will it help?  My mom went to Trinity so I’m kind of interested in applying.  I think it will give me an advantage because of my mom but I don’t know if they will even consider me because of my previous concerns listed.  Do you think I should even bother?  I heard the admission requirement is a 98 in Trinity but I’m not sure about Victoria.   Thank you for reading and any advice would be greatly appreciated!
0.011 |  Chances of Getting In and How To Improve That Chance Hi!  I’m interested in applying for UTSG for the arts program and hopefully get into Trinity or Victoria.  I need some advice on my marks though.  In highschool I took 2 4U/M courses and 1 alternative education course each semester because of some mental health stuff.   So my Grade 12 looked like this:  English 93 Visual Arts 93 95  Business Leadership 95  Then 2 Grade 10 Alternative Education Class    A year later, I took 2 classes one after another in adult high school. Added: Data 94 International Business 68 (Wasn’t feeling great when I took this course)  Another year later, I retook the International Business. It became: International Business 93  I’ve been doing things other than highschool courses and know that supplementary things count on the application but I just want to focus on the grades in this post.   So here I am 2.5 years out of highschool but I don’t know if the school will accept me because of the 68 since I heard they don’t like repeats.  I plan to explain why I did poorly in the special consideration form.  I’m also considered that they won’t think I can handle the school because I took maximum 2 4U/M at a time.  I am in a much better place so I know I can now though.  Should I put that in the special consideration form that I had mental health issues so I had to space it out?  Or would that make it worse?  If I take another 4U/M course, get a good mark and replace International Business in my Top 6, will it help?  My mom went to Trinity so I’m kind of interested in applying.  I think it will give me an advantage because of my mom but I don’t know if they will even consider me because of my previous concerns listed.    Thank you for reading and any advice would be greatly appreciated!
0.044 |  Lost Munk School of Global Affairs &amp; Public Policy Lanyard!! Hey everyone. I recently lost a **dark blue lanyard** that had this inscription on it: "**Munk School - Global Affairs and Public Policy**"  It fell out of my pocket while I was walking from the Victoria University area on the way to Robarts Library. My theory is that it is somewhere on Hoskin Road. It has a blue Ravenclaw button and a turquoise Lexar USB is hanging from the keychain.   If you see or locate this lanyard, please reply to this post!! Thank you :)
0.0 |  Vic Student Profile Questions Would a 3-month long fellowship program count as a 'regular activity' for the question about regular activities outside school? What about a 9-week long research program?   And for the "Do you intend to pursue any of the following programs?", can we choose one of the listed courses even if it isn't the exact program we wish to pursue? For eg. I want to pursue economics, but I'd like to take finance and math courses too, so do I tick the checkboxes for those as well?  If y'all have any other tips for answering the two essay questions in the profile (One's about 3 regular activites you've participated in outside school and the other one's about why you want to join Vic), please feel free to share those as well! There's a lot of info about US admission essays, but barely anything about Canadian ones.  Thanks in advance!
0.061 |  Mandatory Seminar Courses? Another annoying grade 12 here. I will finally be able to apply this week!   I was just wondering if taking a seminar course from the college you get into is required? I think it is mandatory for Victoria college? Is it just Victoria or would it be the same for every college?  One more thing, how good should your grades and ecs be to bother with applying to Trinity or Victoria? Thanks.
0.1 |  Applying to UofT Arts &amp; Science Vic Sorry for the question but I am very lost. Under required documents it says I need to self report my grades and all that stuff but then it also says Victoria College Student Profile (Optional). Should I do it? The different colleges are confusing haha. Thanks a lot :)
0.0 |  Innis and Victoria College for Health Sciences I'm working on my application to the University of Toronto but I'm a bit apprehensive about which specific colleges I should rank. I want to study Molecular Genetics and Microbiology as an int student and I want research to be a pivotal part of my undergraduate experience. I don't think any college has an overarching academic theme. Aside from academics, I'd rather have a college with a small student body and a meal plan, but I'm willing to make an exception for Innis because the building is my favorite, I'm in love with modern minimalist spaces.   Any tips or college recommendations? If anyone's from Innis and Victoria, what do you think of the student atmosphere there?
0.0 |  What College in St. George? I'm currently a high school student trying to apply for Rotman Commerce at UoT and I heard Victoria and University college is really nice, but not planning to be a res, so will it matter?
0.0 |  St. Michael's vs Victoria college? [deleted]
0.0 |  Victoria College Admission When I type in my essay about what I can contribute to Victoria, what should I write, I don't have the slightest idea, I only put it as my  top priority cause Hogwarts vibes. HELP!
0.0 |  Clubs and Intramurals at Victoria College What are some clubs at Victoria College? Or are these clubs open to all students of UofT or just Victoria College students?   What about intramsurals at Vic? I would like to know about the sports.
0.012 |  VIC106 Review (Vic One Program) So I've been looking for reviews for seminar courses, and I discovered that there aren't any. I have also learned this semester that seminar courses can be hella tedious and a lot of work/reading, while others are really laid back and easy to do.   VIC106 is a really good first year seminar. It has one small assignment, one big assignment, and one final test. They are all based on writing essays about the books we read. So honestly, if you are really really realllyyy against wriitng, then yeah don't take this. Also, if you aren't a fan of reading a whole lot, remember that the world is a nice place and you can use Sparknotes, LitChart, etc.   I am a very science and math oriented person and i dont like reading and writing, but I thought this course was really fun to take, so I definitely think you should if you have the chance. The course instructor( professor Joel Faflak) is super nice.  I finished with an A, and I bet that as long as you follow along during the seminar, participate, and do your essays, you can be successful with the course. I will be taking another seminar course this semester and write another review for future first years!  I give this course a 4.5/5.0
0.058 |  Victoria College Profile? I put Victoria College 1st for the top 3 colleges ranking, as I heard it was one of the top colleges, but I'm really not knowledgeable or keen about any of them. The form on JoinID states (required) for this profile. Is this actually required? I read somewhere that if the profile isn't filled out then they'll just put you in another college of the choices.   And is there anything that actually distinguishes the colleges from each other, because if this college is worth writing a supplement for then I suppose I might as well. Thanks :(
0.0 |  Switching colleges at uoft? Do uk if u r able to switch colleges at uoft st.george campus such as switch from trinity college to victoria college?
0.0 |  uoft scholarships question for St.George, do they give our scholarships yearly if u get above a certain average, let’s say like a 4.0 GPA? Or does it depend on what college ur apart of like new college, trinity, victoria, etc?
0.241 |  is it a bad idea to transfer from innis to vic? [deleted]
0.0 |  Automatic Scholarships Hi there!  Does anyone know when St. George or specifically Vic release their automatic scholarships? I would think it's automatic but I got admission to UTM about a week ago and only just received notification of an automatic scholarship... not so automatic then lol
0.0 |  Seen at Burwash Dining Hall. 
0.141 |  Vibe check on Victoria College? I’m a high school senior and I got my acceptance to UofT but unfortunately I applied without understanding how the college system works and I applied to Victoria College as my first choice on a whim because (don’t make fun of me :( ) I thought the dining hall and building seemed nice and got into it. Did I screw myself over or would y’all say Victoria is decent? I’ve heard college transfers are unheard of and Victoria has pretty nasty dorms so I’m a little bit worried.
0.0 |  For anyone asking about Engineering Admission Rounds For anyone asking about engineering admission rounds... (semester schools)  February round (based on grade 11 grades only and any fast tracked grade 12 courses) they start coming out next week..  March Round (based on grade 12 first semester final grades and grade 11 grades)  May Round (based on grade 12 first semester and second semester midterms) majority comes out on Victoria weekend...  Personal profile is also reviewed in all rounds  Admission avg for entrance is only the 5 perquisite classes  Scholarships avg is 5 perquisite classes AND the 1 optional U/M    Entrance Scholarships are considered for all rounds
0.0 |  How to register for 2020 Summer for residence? I'm already a full year Vic student for context. Any links or help would be appreciated since this is my first time applying for summer school.
0.0 |  repeat course affecting admission i am a life sci applicant and i have a 70 in advanced functions. should i repeat the course for a higher mark? will that increase/decrease my chances of getting into the program and getting into Victoria college?
0.0 |  Victoria college Hello!  Can someone share insights into Victoria college like the sense of community, social life, friendliness and access to the overall campus.   Thank you!
0.0 |  Victoria residence halls ranking Hi there, I just got accepted to Vic and I don't really know much about the individual residence halls. I'm only looking for two things from my dorm: a single room, and close access to music practice rooms. Would anyone who goes to/went to Vic offer some insight?
0.0 |  How many first level FCEs (e.g. 100 or 101 courses) do I need to complete to officially finish my first year? I’m an artsci student at Vic if that makes any difference  Is the answer to my question dependent on my major (which I don’t yet have)?
0.076 |  Lost left airpod in NF003 today around 12pm. Hi guys.  I lost my left airpod in NF003 around 12pm today.  I dropped it somewhere between the seats and couldn't find it cuz the next lecture started soon. And I think maybe someone just took it because when I try to make sounds through 'find my iphone' app at first it worked but then suddenly lost bluetooth connection. 00 hope this is not true). I went to all lost&amp;founds in Victoria College and one in the 256 McCaul st. I know it's hard to find airpod but maybe, maybe if someone found it or anyone who has any advice for me plz help me.  Thank you guys, and hope you have nice day :&gt;
0.0 |  Victoria College &amp; Vic One Program Anyone applying to Victoria College and the Vic One Program. If so lets get a conversation going, hoping that any program alumni can answer all of your questions.
0.0 |  VIC122 Has anyone taken Scientific Evidence in Public Policy at Vic? I need to take a seminar course and the one I’m in (VIC137 Science and Science Fiction) is too much of an English course for me (I’m a prospective CS student). Any input would be nice
0.0 |  U of T Awards Profile Hi everyone,   I am currently working on my U of T Awards Profile (Grade 12). The application is long. I was wondering how competitive is scholarships/bursaries offered via the U of T Awards Profile. Furthermore, I applied for Victoria college already, and will have an anticipated 92-93% mid-year average.
0.0 |  Question about Victoria College [deleted]
0.0 |  St. George Campus, looking for help on which college to rank 1st 2nd and 3rd for a computer science undergrad degree Innis College, St Micheal's College, University College, Victoria College, New College, Woodsworth College.  :)
0.06 |  UofT St George College Residence Choices Hi! I was accepted for LifeSci in Victoria College and want to major/specialise in psych hopefully... but after more research realised most rooms are double rooms and not single rooms.   Would it be possible for me to switch colleges to maybe Trinity (where most dorms are single)? Or elsewhere? I’d love if my residence was close to the classes I’d be taking.   The college picking process is seriously stressful because I’m an international student so I can’t go and visit the residences.   Thanks for any help!
0.022 |  People in Vic One Frye Stream - Questions from a high school senior Hi!   After getting feedback/information from a few helpful people about Vic One in general, I’m mostly leaning towards applying for the Northrop Frye stream.   I’ve done research on it and the courses involved in the Frye stream, but I was hoping there would be a few people out there willing to help by giving me their own personal experiences about this stream (or Vic One in general; any help is welcome!). What did you mostly do in the four courses that are a part of the Frye Stream, what did you like/dislike, did you dislike that it was 2.0 FCE/took up most space of electives (as far as I’ve heard?), etc.   Thanks and I hope to hear from people soon!
0.041 |  Help out a high school senior here!! Questions about Vic One Hi!   I'm currently in the process of applying to U of T, and I've decided that my first choice is Victoria College.   The problem is, I'm still a bit confused about how things work. I was hoping someone could give me a run down of Vic One/Vic One Hundred (is there a difference?). Does it take over how a "regular" first year would go? Should I take it, or will it make things harder on me? Any other bits of information about this would help me greatly!   Thank you and I hope to hear back from people soon!
0.105 |  question about victoria college hi :) i  applied to UTSG social sciences and i put vic as my top choice. i was wondering if there's anything specific they're looking for in the student profile? i have a draft but i don't know if it will stand out from the rest, and i really need it to be stronger since my marks aren't super super competitive. if anyone has a link to examples it would be greatly appreciated! thank you!
0.0 |  Which college do I apply to American student applying for life sciences  I’ve heard new College was good for life sciences and close to the classes  I’ve also heard that Trinity was prestigious   University college is apparently close to a lot of classes, and Vic has nice people  I won’t lie: prestige sounds nice, but I want a social life and I don’t want to walk through 20 minutes of snow across campus.   Which should I apply to?
0.0 |  Supplementary for mathematical and Physical science?   I just applied to Studies in Mathematical and Physical Science at St.George Campus, but when I got on JOINid and check for the required documents, it only asked me for a Victoria college student profile. So my question is, do I need to write a supplementary application form for Studies in Mathematical and Physical Science? If yes, where should I find the template/hand it in. Thanks in advance
0.087 |  For Rotman Commerce, which college is the best to put as first choice? Out of innis, St michaels, university, Victoria, New, Trinity and Woodsworth, could someone give me a comprehensive rankings list from best to worst?
0.0 |  Victoria college Do you know any requirements for transfer students? I’be heard it’s a small college, why?
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.0 |  Help1 how to answer to this question.  what **draws you to Victoria College, and how do you plan to contribute to the community and learning at the college?**
0.081 |  undergrad application Guys can someone who attends Victoria college tell me if it’s worth applying for? What are the perks about it?  Having trouble deciding which ones to choose if I’m applying for economics major
0.0 |  WHAT CAFE IS OPENED TODAY (SUNDAY)? im a commuter, staying at friends place for my exam tommorow, so im never here on the weekend. i just went to 2 different cafes in the vic college side and they were closed, are all the food places closed here on the weekend?? i need my coffee...
0.077 |  UofT CS Decision Release Date? Hello,   I am applying to UToronto CS and I have just submitted my CS Supplemental application. I've realized that November 15 was the 'early consideration' due date and February 1 is the final due date.  I have some questions: What did I lose by missing the early deadline? (Could I be disadvantaged in my acceptance and possible scholarship perks? (i'm an intl student)) Also when should I expect to hear back from the university?   Also do the same people read the supplementals for the colleges (Vic, Trinity, etc.)  and supplementals for CS? Cos I recycled them lol.
0.026 |  Song of Persephone - Aloysius Wong I played this song for the first time ever live last Friday at the Vic Records Studio Sessions VII in the Cat's Eye.  I'm dedicating it to the two friends I lost this year - the mockingbird and the eagle.  Today we march for Global Climate Justice. Today we are true. Today we are blue. Today we are Boundless.  Today we rise.  BREAK THE CHAINS  CLOSE THE CIRCLE  LIVE FOR MORE  https://youtu.be/E2sUOkcoaiA
0.0 |  PEEPEEPOOPOO MAN NEAR VICTORIA COLLEGE? [deleted]
0.0 |  Which college should I apply to if I want an apartment style res? Hi, I'm a grade 12 student applying into Life Science at St. George Campus and wanted opinions on which apartment-style college to apply to? I'm not too much of a party student and I would like for res to be close to where classes would be. I was considering vic but read that it's far from where classes are at.   Side note, is St. Michael College super religious?  And thoughts on NC vs. UC?
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.0 |  What's so special about Ned's water? Just curious, saw it multiple times in vic memes
0.229 |  Really random question... Hey all, this is probably going to sound stupid, but does anyone living near Victoria college hear that whirling/whistling sound? It’s god awful annoying and I don’t know what it is. Any insight would be great 😓
0.0 |  Vote Vic We love you  Thanks!
0.0 |  Where is the closest vending machine to Victoria College? I'm in class and skipped lunch. I finish class at 4pm, but my next class is in the same building so I can't go far.  Is that cafe thing on the first floor open?
0.0 |  Physics Student College Choice - Trin or Vic??? [deleted]
0.0 |  Burwash Dining Hall Honestly, best dinner for the price at/around campus. All you can eat!!
0.038 |  Victoria College So I filled out and submitted my student profile thing for Vic &amp; was wondering what the dorm situation is actually like... How likely is it really for a first year to get a single room because I really DO NOT want to share and am wondering if UC would be the better option after all for single rooms and all around rezlife??  Any opinions on UC or Vic would be great right now thanks :))
0.014 |  So which college should I go for? Hi. Grade 12 here, going to apply via OUAC soon.  I went on a tour of the place in Spring, and I had no idea about the seven colleges system until then. Our guide was from Victoria College I think, and she was talking about how some colleges will only admit you if you rank them first, and that some will require essays/supplementary applications as well?  I guess my question is which colleges should I look into? I want to live in a more traditional residence with roommates/common areas, and getting a meal plan is a must for me as well. I'm interested in computer science, so on the off chance that I get into that super competitive program I'd probably like one that's situated near the comp sci classes/buildings.  Thanks for any input you have!
0.141 |  How I know im going to have a bad day Walking from vic to McLennan and not one leaf cronched 😔
0.0 |  To those who've been to Victoria's Writing Centre, who do you recommend there? [deleted]
0.024 |  Residence Choice for First Year (English Major) Hey everybody, so I'm currently a grade 12 student and I'm just starting to look into applications and such, I'm currently filling out the form for U of T and I'm asked to rank the colleges from most to least interested in. I'm planning to go into Humanities (English major) and I've heard that Vic would be the best choice, but I've looked into Woodsworth's residences and they look so much cleaner and modern than most colleges so I'm really torn between the two. And I know this might sound picky but I grew up having my own bedroom and can't imagine having a roommate, so which college you reckon would have the highest chance of offering a single room for a first year like me?  (I've also heard that you'll need to fill in an additional application for Vic, can anyone confirm this?)  And if you have any more helpful suggestions please inform me about them, I'd be super grateful for anything (little tips/secrets) that might help guide me through uni next year!! :D
0.0 |  How do I get an appointment at the Victoria College Writing Centre? [deleted]
0.0 |  Trinity vs Victoria? 
0.0 |  Victoria College Book Sale 2019 where there any Science or math books? 
0.0 |  Bed bug in Victoria College Margaret Addison Hall 
0.0 |  Is it okay if I use a router in my room at burwash hall? 
0.0 |  Can I use my meal plan at any cafeteria? Am I allowed to use my meal plan at any cafeteria in U of T or can I only use it at Victoria College?
0.0 |  Who’s at vic orientation being unsocial af 
0.0 |  Where to get a mini fridge on campus? I'll be at Vic, wondering where I could buy or rent a mini fridge. Thanks.
0.0 |  Vic orientation Is there anything tomorrow? I know there is registration for the residence fellas but im livin off campus and wanted to know if theres anything going on tomorrow?
0.065 |  Unable to pay for orientation I cant pay for vic orientation as they ask for my uoft email and i dont have that yet as i didnt get my tcard and i just arrived in canada and left the airport too late and office is closed. Will it be open over the weekend?  HeLP :/
0.059 |  what is the difference between colleges ? heyo, sry for my english if its bad not my first language ;v. but whats diference between colleges (like st mike, victoria, uc, etc,,,)   thx!
0.0 |  Vic in-course scholarships are out in case anyone needs to check their emails :)
0.0 |  Vic to Convo Hall I have one class located inside Victoria College and immediately after have a class in Convo Hall. I know there is ten minutes in between class but I'm thinking it might be a little tight. Thoughts?
0.146 |  Best Gym for weightlifting near the Vic campus I want to get a gym membership but the website is pretty brutally bad so idk which gym at uft is the best and if they are even part of the tuition. Any info would be greatly appreciated. I'm attending the Vic campus but idc as long as the gym isnt to far
0.019 |  Is Victoria College really that far away from the rest of campus? Hi there! So I know I’m really late to consider this as there really is nothing I can do about it but I was on the U of T campus map and was looking how far my classes were from my dorm and one another. Turns out all of my classes are within 250 - 500 metres of one another but my dorm Upper Burwash is like 1.2-1.3 km from class. I’m a CS student which is why I think all my classes are in the same area? Anyways, is the distance from Victoria college to the rest of classes really a big issue or am I getting worried over nothing? (My main concern is having to walk/subway that far in the winter)  Thanks
0.0 |  Vic work study I got an interview for a position at Victoria college, does anyone have any experience with doing College related work studies, and what kind of questions should I look forward to?
0.077 |  Lofted Bed Double Room - Upper Burwash Victoria College. Is it too small?? Does anyone know if the lofted double room is really small or something because of the cheaper price and the lofted desk/bed? Should I be worried?
0.101 |  a very original post - U of T or Mcgill Hi everyone, this is super late and probably annoying but I desperately need help. I've been accepted to arts at both McGill and U of T. Through a lot of weaselling, I have managed to delay my choice until the literal last minute. Ok, here are the details. I am from BC, and Ive just finished my gap year. I would be studying either literature, anthropology, political sci, or classics at either place. Im not super sure which yet.   The pros, for me, of Mcgill are as follows: -Beautiful Campus, awesome city with lots of green space   \- My dad is from the area, so I have family around Montreal/ the south shore  \- My best friends both go to Mcgill, they're entering second year (could be a con depending on how you look at it)  \-Cheaper. With the exception of first year, it would cost a lot less to live in Montreal for 4 years.   \- Mayeb better for my mental health, as there is an existing support system there and I greatly fear the transition to university.  cons:  \- less communal seeming than u of t (no colleges) so maybe more anonymous?  \- I worry about getting locked into the same social seen from high school.   \- I'm not hyped about the school.  U of T pros:  \- I would be a part of Trinity college, and the Vic one frye stream. This seems like the sort of decent oxfordian lifestyle that could be awesome.   \-Seems to have better programs? I'm not totally sure because rankings are subjective   \- Chance to totally reinvent myself   Cons:  \- Super expensive to live in Toronto, I don't know how anyone affords it on a student budget.  \-I don't know anyone in the province of Ontario   \-I don't know Toronto well, but I don't know if I love it.   \-I've heard pretty nasty rumours about the undergrad experience there (ie: mentally devastating, impersonal, hardcore)  Basically Toronto seems like a more high risk, possibly high reward scenario whereas Montreal might be safer. Pls help
0.0 |  Residence I am doing res at Annesley hall, is there anything specific I definitely should bring ?
0.0 |  Victoria College Scholarship I have 3.8GPA for my first year, but the catch is I only have 4.0 credits. Was wondering if I still got the $1,000 scholarship or am I scammed out because it has to be 5.0 credits?
0.121 |  Anyone have experience living in Lower Burwash Hi there, I’m an incoming first year student and I was recently assigned a double room in Lower Burwash for my residence. Has anyone here stayed in Lower Burwash before? What are the double rooms like? Thanks :)
0.128 |  Lower Burwash in Vic? Hi there, I’m an incoming first year student and I was recently assigned a double room in Lower Burwash for my residence. Has anyone here stayed in Lower Burwash before? What are the double rooms like? Thanks :)
0.0 |  Residence? Can anyone share their experience living in Annesley hall? Also Annesley was my second choice is there anyway I can change my current residence placement to the residence I wanted ?
0.0 |  Victoria housing? I got an email from Vic saying my residence has been posted to my ACORN, but I can't seem to find anything there. Anyone else?
0.0 |  Innis scholarship Hey guys, I was wondering what is the cutoff range for Innis admission scholarship. I know Vic has mid-90s. Mine is like 91, I'm sure I can push it to like 93.
0.0 |  do i have to take one full credit of vic one hundred courses? so i've enrolled in two seperate courses that are worth .5 credits each. do i have to do that to fulfill 1 full credit of vic one hundred courses or can i just take .5? i ask this because i know there are some vic one hundred courses that are worth one full credit
0.0 |  First year schedule questions Hi everyone,  &amp;#x200B;  I'm a first year student admitted to humanities, residence at vic, and I was wondering if some of you guys more experienced at u of t could give me some advice as to my schedule:   **SMC219Y,** **ENG198H**, ENG235H, **HPS100H**, RSM250H, **MGT100H**, PHL275H, ANT195H, **VIC136H1**   The one's in bold are the one's im wanting to take in first term, and the rest are second term. SMC219Y is both terms. Also, would I be able to take RSM250H? I know it is supposed to be for Rotman commerce students but is there any way they can make an exception or get it waived somehow for just that one course. It means A LOT to me to be able to take that course because its something I would really want to study. I would appreciate any advice you have about my schedule. Thanks for all the help!
0.02 |  Share Your UofT Tips Here! Spread the Knowledge on what UofT offers it's Students EDIT: I'm gonna update this post as much as I can and submit a final list to the mods so that they can hopefully pin it to the top of this sub. Keep posting your tips!  EDIT 2: I love the fact that people are coming up with so much stuff. But let's keep this on topic please. While the discounts at various stores online or otherwise are definitely amazing, this post was meant to list the things the UNIVERSITY offers to us for free(or what we're already paying for!)  For example, in a [recent post](https://www.reddit.com/r/UofT/comments/cgrgvr/i_understand_if_you_want_to_opt_out_of_some/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) in this community, a lot of us got to know that SEC offers free sex-related resources and supplies like condoms, lubricant etc.  Another example: I(an incoming first year engineering student) was talking to an upper-year student about buying a printer. Only then I got to know that engineers can print upto 1000 pages per year for free at the Sandford Fleming building.  It turns out that all the resources that we pay for aren't properly advertised by UofT and this is leading to most of us opting out of most of the incidental fees.  Everyone please try to share ANYTHING that you feel can be useful to another student. It could be a lesser known resource that the university offers (like SEC resources) that we've already paid for, or even just a small piece of advice which could potentially save us time/money/energy/headaches.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit(s): Some more tips:  * Get a 3% cashback on your tuition fee if you use PayTM. * You can stream media free of cost here: [https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand](https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand). It has tons of movies and TV shows * You are also entitled to a free Microsoft Office subscription as a UofT Student * **FREE FOOD:**    * ***Muffin Madness*** Where: Multi-Faith Center, 569 Spadina Avenue When: [Wednesdays at 4pm](https://www.studentlife.utoronto.ca/mf/muffin-madness)    * ***Tea Social*** Where: Hart House Reading Room When: [Tuesdays, 11-1](http://harthouse.ca/events/tea-social-2-2015-09-29/)    * ***UC Tea and Cookies*** Where: Commuter Student Centre When: [Monday-Thursday, 2:30-3:30](http://thevarsity.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/2013-Student-Handbook.pdf)    * ***Pancake Brunch i*** Where: UC Commuter Student Centre When: [Thursday, October 22nd, 11-1](https://www.facebook.com/events/1493523900943717/)    * ***Pancake Brunch ii*** Where: Cat’s Eye Student Pub and Lounge, Victoria College When: [Wednesdays, 10-2](https://www.facebook.com/voca.commuter)    * ***Pancake Brunch iii*** When: Woodsworth College Where: [Wednesdays, Kruger Hall, 12-2](https://www.facebook.com/events/1081562328521148/) * You are able to access free courses as a UofT student on Lynda and here: [https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto](https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto) * Writing Centres at UofT can help you turn drafts into masterpieces. * UTSU's tax clinic can help you with your tax paperwork if you are earning less than 40K per year. All you have to do is book an appointment online. The Center for International Experience also helps UofT international students(undergrad AND postgrad) with tax-related work. * [Spotify membership at $5/month](https://www.spotify.com/ca/student/) * Apple Music membership at $5/month * Get an [SPC Card](https://spccard.ca/deals) and an [ISIC Card](https://www.isic.org/discounts/) to avail a ton of discounts on almost everything. * You can find almost all of your textbooks for free on [Library Genesis](https://libgen.is/) * Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Visual Studio Enterprise, Windows 10 Education, Adobe CC, Norton AntiVirus through OnHub. * GitHub student pack * Students who are enrolled in a CS-related course get free prints at Bahen (300 pages per semester with carryover for a max of 600) and a free student license for Jetbrain IDE's. * Free access to [Naxos music library](https://login.library.utoronto.ca/index.php?url=http://utoronto.naxosmusiclibrary.com/homepage.asp) for people who like classical music * The university health insurance plan also fully covers one checkup per year. * Engineers get free 3D printing and laser cutting at Myhal * Copies of past exams from several departments can be accessed through the various links on [this page](https://onesearch.library.utoronto.ca/faq/where-can-i-find-old-exams). * Free use of an HTC vibe and other VR headsets as well as low cost 3D printing at the MAD lab in Gerstein. * The Grad Room offers some excellent professional development workshops for graduate students, and has a nice lounge space.
0.0 |  Course enrolment advice (first year humanities) Hello, a first year humanities student here and course enrolment opens up for me on Thursday 9:15am. I’ve read that for some people course enrolment opens up way earlier. So just to confirm, does everyone have different timings? And I want to take the seminar courses trn199 (fall) and vic109 (winter) and I’m not enrolled in either Vic or Trinity one. So I can’t enrol until after Aug 2nd. Do I have a chance in enrolling in these courses before they fill up? And should I enrol in 2 other (backup) courses (worth 1 credit) when course enrolment opens just incase I don’t get in them?
0.028 |  Need help with schedule (first year) Hey everyone, course enrollment is approaching and I could really use some help on my schedule... I am currently intending on majoring in computer science and neuroscience.  Here is my current planned schedule:   Fall:    BIO120, CSC108, PSY100, MAT137,CHM135   Winter:   CSC165,CSC148, MAT137, BIO130,CHM136,SMC199 (I have to take a small class in Victoria but I was told I could ask to waive it in case I cannot manage the workload)  I got approval from the departments of chemistry and biology to take the courses Bio130, BIO120, CHM135 and CHM136 without having the highschool prerequisites (I'm an international student and had a different school system).  So these courses would probably be even harder for me...  Should I take Mat137 or will it be too much for me to handle?  What are my chances of getting the computer science courses out of stream? How hard are the biology courses (I know the chemistry ones are supposed to be quite tough)? Has anyone done smc199?  I would really appreciate if you could give your opinion in general, also any recommendations on professors and ones to avoid would be really appreciated  Thank you thank you and I wish you all an awesome year!
0.03 |  Victoria College UofT hiii **Hello! I am a freshman :)**   I have been admitted to Vic College. Tell me smth about it, please :)   Also, I would like to know  is it a good idea to take 200-level course in my first year? I want to take SMC219. And also tell me about Book and Media program (SG). I am searching for some **media** or **communication** program in St. George. (maybe you can recommend smth)   BUT THERE ARE NOTHING! whyyy( All media or communication programs are in Mis. :( (or SC)   I know that Semiotic and Communication that kind of good program. Is it correct? Tell me about this program, pleaseee   (i am searching for minor)
0.093 |  do vic one hundred seminars (ex. the death of meaning) count as a credit? are they basically the same as taking a regular course except for the fact that the class sizes are smaller and vic students get priority enrolment? [removed]
0.102 |  The truth about Trinity So I'm an incoming first-year student and I've been accepted to Trinity College. Sadly, I didn't do my homework before indicating Trin as my first choice college -- in my defence, the decision between Trinity and Victoria was entirely arbitrary and I didn't expect to end up at UofT, to be completely honest -- and now I'm seriously worried after reading about all the weird traditions at the college and its bad rap. I just want to know if this is true. Are most Trin people really elitist and snobbish? Will I have this stigma attached to me from day 1 even if I'm not elitist in any way? Does the ambiance of the college make people uncomfortable?  Also, I opted out of Trin Orientation (because I'm a hermit haha) but will I still be able to go to the Matriculation Convocation if I want to? And is the residence really that terrible?  Please help a confused first-year out.  Thanks in advance.
0.031 |  Course application questions Hello Everyone!  My Name's Chris, and I'm a new student in Artsci Humanities. My residence will be in St.Georges (Victoria College) and I was having difficulty figuring out the entire process on Acorn.  I'm set on studying English as my major. What are the appropriate steps and courses I need to take and apply to do so?  I've also applied to FLC for English and Philosophy. I'll update this post if I'm a part of the program and my schedule changes.
0.009 |  Newbie Questions! Newbie entering Art Sci this september at victoria college :D got some questions regarding UofT in general:  1. How can you check transferral credits for IB? I tried using the transfer explorer app on UofT and honestly, I'm still not sure how to work that out. Do I have to reach out to UofT myself to check with them or will they send in letters?  2. Can I attend tutorials for courses I plan to take? For example I want to take international relations program, but I want to get a headstart by going to their tutorials - do I have to be in the program/enrolled in the course to attend the tutorials? Or could I just enrol for tutorials only?  3. What are the most popular clubs / student organisations around UofT?  I'd be super grateful if anybody could answer :D
0.142 |  WHY DOES UOFT NOT REPLY TO EMAILS Been TWO WEEKS: Emailed Vic Dean, Registrar and Residence: no response  Transfer credits; no response Math and Stats department; NO RESPONSE  Tried calling, keeps going to voicemail/mailbox is full  Wow thanks for your service
0.023 |  Best vic one hundred seminar I need to choose a vic one hundred seminar class but I’m not sure which one is the best or easiest. Which ones did you like and what stuff did you learn? I know I have to choose what I’m interested in but I just want an idea.   My degree already requires me to do a lot of courses that satisfy the 2nd category of breadth. So, I would prefer to choose one that satisfies the 3rd category (society and it’s institutions)
0.0 |  What is VIC279 like? (Creative Non-Fiction) I'll be a first year in Vic and I'm wondering if taking a 200s Vic course is too ambitious. Has anyone taken this course/courses like this one? Especially in first year? What does it entail? Any advice is much appreciated :)
0.129 |  Vic residence How are the single rooms with bed alcove in lower Burwash? And how's lower Burwash in general (I'm not in Vic one)? I have been assigned one although I have never asked for a single room and I'm a bit afraid it could get quite lonely for me (I'm an international student)
0.108 |  Dropping out of courses If I drop out of a course during the first few weeks of school, can I still enrol into other courses? ( Having trouble deciding between Vic One and pre-requisites for other majors I'm interested in.)
0.0 |  Victoria College $1000 Award Payment I was just wondering when and how the $1000 from Victoria college will be sent to me. I saw another reddit post that said it is automatically applied to your tuition costs, but after checking my invoice it clearly was not applied. Will it appear later or should I contact the registrar? I have finished exactly 5.0FCE and entering my second year with a GPA over 3.5
0.016 |  Need help with schedule (first year) Hey everyone, course enrollment is approaching and I could really use some help on my schedule... I am debating between majoring in cogsci with neuroscience or compsci and maybe physics instead. I am trying to keep my options open and that explains this odd mix of courses...  Here is my current planned schedule:   Fall:    PHY131, CSC108, CSC165, MAT135,CHM135   Winter:   PHY132,CSC148, MAT136, BIO130,CHM136,VIC135 (have to take a small class in Victoria but I was told I could ask to waive it in case I cannot manage the workload)  I got approval from the departments of chemistry and biology to take the courses Bio130 and CHM135 and CHM136 without having the highschool prerequisites (I'm an international student and had a different school system).  So these courses would probably be even harder for me...  I am also thinking of taking MAT137 instead of 135 and 136 as it is recommended to take with the cs courses and because I am very interested in math but afraid that all together it will be too much. I thought that taking both a biology and chemistry course in the first semester when I don't have the prerequisites might be too much so that is why I put csc165 on the first term.   I would really appreciate if you could give your opinion in general, also any recommendations on professors and ones to avoid would be really appreciated  Thank you thank you and I wish you all an awesome year!
0.0 |  when are in course scholarships usually announced? specifically for victoria college (i know the automatic $1000 ones are near the end of the summer, but is it the same with their other in course ones?)
0.017 |  Does anyone know what mattresses are in the residence halls? I lived in residence about 5 or 6 years ago, and one thing I noticed is that I liked the mattresses there more than my own mattress at home (which I had specifically selected for myself, so clearly I made a bad choice). Now, I already graduated, and I don't know if they still use the same mattresses now that they used then, but I decided it might be worth a shot here. I lived in Margaret Addison Hall, but as far as I remember, most residences had the same mattress, and it was a foam mattress of some kind. It might be time to replace my mattress soon, so I decided to look into that right now.
0.0 |  Victoria Residence Decision [deleted]
0.103 |  Lecture/Seminar Balance First Year Hey, so this might be a dumb question but I'm trying to pick my courses rn and am wondering what the balance should be between lectures and seminars? I'm in Vic One so I already have to take 4 seminars and as I was looking through the list there were other seminars that seemed rrly interesting to me. Would it be a mistake taking more than 4? I'm honestly so confused with the process as a whole
0.0 |  Vic College Dean’s List Does Victoria College automatically apply my Dean’s List scholarship to my tuition or do I get a credit later in the fall semester?  Thanks
0.0 |  VIC350 or VIC 479? [deleted]
0.0 |  Can I get a residence place in any other college? I am from Vic but applied to NC for residence. Is there a chance I’d get a place?
0.033 |  Research at Vic? I really want to apply to do research at Vic but I don't have a fully formed topic and I have no clue what professors to approach. The professors I spoke to are not in my field of interest and if they are they are either leaving in the winter or are not part of vic.   &amp;#x200B;  Any suggestions on who to call or what to do or just words of advice?   &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!
0.0 |  Questions for second and upper year life science students Hello! I am going into my first year (life sciences) and had a few questions (would really appreciate any input): (1) I am planning to double major in Economics and Neuroscience. What were the grade boundaries for these programs (preferably last year/recently)?  (2) I am debating between Vic One(Pearson), Munk One and Trin One(Biomed). Can anyone tell me if these One programs are worth it (I already have a packed schedule)? (3) I am planning to take physics over the summer, do med schools (esp. U of T med) look down on or not consider  summer courses? (4) If I take some first-year required courses (like microbio or stat) for med schools in upper years, will they look down on it? Thanks for your help!
0.043 |  The One Programs...can I accept an offer and then drop it later to accept another offer? I had been accepted to Vic One Chamber stream and waitlisted for Trin One Ethics Society and Law, which was my top choice. The acceptance deadline for Vic One was before the waitlist cleared for Trin One so I accepted the Vic One offer. Now I have an offer for Trin One E S &amp; L. Can I drop the Vic One and accept my Trin One offer?
0.0 |  Small Classes? What’s the course code or whatever for “small classes”? I’m coming into first year at vic college and apparently it’s mandatory to have one. Also suggestions for small classes outside of math and physical science breadth requirement would be appreciated.
0.0 |  Bursaries? Hi there! I’m an incoming first year student in CS.  I just finished my OSAP application and got much less than I had expected. I only got $7000. I was wondering how I would apply for bursaries and which bursaries are available. I’m a part of Victoria College. Please any help is appreciated.   Thanks!
0.0 |  Should I go into Vic One? [removed]
0.0 |  Should I go into Vic One? [removed]
0.163 |  Vic Convocation today - girls, what are you wearing? Its raining. I'm cold. I have a stupid fear that all the graduating girls are going to be prepared for the weather and wearing dress pants or something. I specifically bought a new dress for convocation tho.  Ladies, I'm not gonna be the only one wearing a dress and heels, right? Please help me stop worrying unnecessarily. (Serious)
0.0 |  When do we find out room assignments? I will be at Victoria College residence, and was just wondering if we will be able to know where we are and who our roommate is before the week we move in. Also, do they ever give contact information so that we can start talking to our roommate before then?
0.013 |  Vic One or Trin One? Hello, I am about to enter U of T in the faculty of Social Sciences. I was just accepted to the Pearson stream of Vic One, and the Ethics, Society, and Law stream of Trin One. I'd like to decide between the two, but I am unsure about certain specifics of them. I'd like to major in Political Science, and potentially double major in Computer Science as well, but I'd settle for a minor in Com Sci. I have a few questions, and I would be very thankful if you could answer any one of them:  1) What are the major differences between "Trin One Ethics, Society, and Law" and "Vic One Pearson?" (courses, teaching style, workload, subject, etc)  2) How many FCE's does Trin One require, and how many FCE's does Vic One require?  3) Would taking any of these two "One" programs prevent me from either getting a Political Science/Computer Science double major, and would taking any of these two "One" programs prevent me from minoring in Com Sci?
0.028 |  Online course or in person course Hi,  I'm currently planning the courses I want to enroll in for the 2019-2020 year, and a concern was raised. I am a first year student and I am going to be part of Vic One, but one of the Vic courses finishes right at the time as an economics course begins. As there is no other time option for neither course, there is an online course for ECO105. Do you recommend taking the economics course online or in person?  &amp;#x200B;  Thank you :D
0.06 |  How hard is it to get into university college or Victoria college if not an arts and science student (I’m going into kin) 
0.096 |  Is Vic One worth it? Hi! I'm an incoming first year student. I got into the gooch stream of Vic One and I was really excited at first, but I didn't realize that I was supposed to take all four courses (which is probably stupid of me). Anyways, because I have to take all four of the Vic One courses and the prerequisites for the POST i want to get into, I'd have to take six courses for both the fall and the winter term. Is it worth it? Or is it a bad idea?
0.071 |  ELI5: How do meal plans work and what are TBucks and TCards and how can they be used? I will probably be at Innis res next year (currently in highschool) and they don't have a meal plan but I heard somewhere that you can buy a meal plan from New or Victoria college. I also heard some things about TBucks but I don't understand how/why they work. If you buy a meal plan from new college for example, do you get a Tcard with money on it and that's how you pay for your meals every day? Or is a meal plan separate from TBucks.  Sorry for the confusing wording. I'm very confused and would appreciate any help thaaanks
0.042 |  Messed up Victoria College Residence Application (first year) Hi there! So I was filling out my application for residence today. In the preferences for which building/room type I want, I accidentally put triple room as my 2nd choice when I meant to click something else and didn’t realize. I hit save and continue and now when I go back I can’t change it. I haven’t paid my deposit or anything yet. I have residence guaranteed. Is there a way for me to change my room type preferences? Please help. Really appreciate it. Don’t really want to be in a triple room. Thanks!
0.043 |  No wifi in Victoria College residence rooms? I applied for residency in the Victoria college residences, but I’m now reading that they only give Ethernet connections in the room? Does that mean I can’t use my phone while in my dorm room, and are there rules against WiFi extenders?
0.03 |  Victoria college I got admitted into Victoria college but still kinda unsure how the colleges work also which res is the best? For res i just want a bathroom to myself so i can go in peace lol. I know a lot are dorm style so which res is the best?
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.052 |  Need to get out of SMC ASAP I have had nothing but terrible experiences with all but two of the SMC registrars. I also feel extremely uncomfortable going to the registrar because the alt-right, Islamophobic, racist, and misogynistic front desk staff member is still working there?????  The thing is, I'm going to my fourth year and I want to graduate in a year's time. I also don't know which college I should apply to. If it makes a difference, I have a competitive cGPA and it wouldn't hurt if I could scoop up some money from the college I transfer to.  I know I will need help from the registrar this upcoming year and the thought of having to walk over to that God-awful college is really unsettling.   Would really appreciate some advice on which college I could go to. I've emailed Innis, Vic, and UC asking if they'd consider an application and so far only Innis turned me down.
0.0 |  Enrolment services/Registrar's office opened on Victoria day? [deleted]
0.0 |  Anywhere to study on campus on Victoria Day? Anywhere near St George campus open reasonably late where I can study?
0.0 |  How was your experience with VIC One? Hi current students!! I got accepted to Vic one Stowe Gullen stream, and I was wondering if any students can tell me their experiences in terms of if they enjoyed it, marks, the community, etc.   I'm considering if victoria college, Vic one, and the u of t scholar award in life sci is more worth it than McMaster integrated sciences (which would cost more for res). Thanks!!  Edit:btw if anyone can comment on the teaching style in u of t as well.. McMaster would be more team and projects based. Thanks!
0.0 |  Accepting my offer (101) Hi there! I just accepted my offer to UTSG on OUAC and I got the email confirmation from OUAC that my response was submitted. I was wondering if that was all I have to do? I got an email from Victoria College today saying welcome to Vic, but nothing from U of T itself. Is that normal? Is there a deposit or something that has to be paid (other than residence)? Please provide help!  Thanks
0.008 |  1st Year Life Sci Timetable Hey y'all! I'm going into life sciences in the fall and I was wondering if this timetable looks alright/seems doable. I'm going to be a commuter (2 hour round trip) so I tried to fit all the course into 4 days when possible.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm aiming for a pharmacology specialist + some other undecided major + maybe a minor if I have space. My ultimate goal is med school (I know, really unrealistic but let a girl dream lol) but I'm trying to keep my options open so I'm considering pharmacy school as well as other pathways. Since pharmacy requires an university english course &amp; my vic college membership requires a small class size course, those took up my electives.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, for labs, do they alternate depending on the last digit of the lab course code? Like for example, the fall term, if the bio practical is PRA0201 while chem practical is PRA0202, they would occur on alternating weeks right?  &amp;#x200B;  Tyvm in advance!  &amp;#x200B;  [Timetable](http://griddy.org?link=QklPMTIwSDFGIExFQzAxMDEsTUFUMTM1SDFGIExFQzAxMDEsQ0hNMTM1SDFGIExFQzAxMDEsUEhZMTMxSDFGIExFQzAxMDEsVklDMTA2SDFGIExFQzAxMDEsQklPMTIwSDFGIFBSQTAyMDEsQ0hNMTM1SDFGIFBSQTAyMDIsQ0hNMTM1SDFGIFRVVDA1MDEsTUFUMTM1SDFGIFRVVDAxMDEsUEhZMTMxSDFGIFBSQTAxMDEsUEhZMTMySDFTIExFQzAxMDEsQklPMTMwSDFTIExFQzAxMDEsQ0hNMTM2SDFTIExFQzAxMDEsQ0hNMTM2SDFTIFRVVDA2MDEsTUFUMTM2SDFTIFRVVDA1MDEsQ0hNMTM2SDFTIFBSQTAyMDIsRU5HMTAySDFTIExFQzAxMDEsQklPMTMwSDFTIFBSQTAzMDEsTUFUMTM2SDFTIExFQzAxMDE=)  https://i.redd.it/epgmr1wm1by21.png
0.041 |  Got an offer for residence, but I would prefer another residence building Is there anything I can do? I got offered residence at chesnut for dorm style. I didn't know until just now though that chesnut is like a 25 minute walk from where my classes will be.  I'd much rather now have my second choice Victoria college residence.   Any ideas for who I could contact about this? I messed up.
0.0 |  Anyone here ever work for Vic Food Services over the summer? I got hired as a summer worker, and they told me that I’d be getting 15-20 hours per week. So far, I’ve only had one shift. I had last week completely off and this week is almost off as well, aside from a short training session. I’ve emailed a manager but they haven’t gotten back to me. Is there anyone here that’s worked at Vic before and can tell me if this is normal?
0.047 |  VIC courses for minor Hellooo I was wondering if any of you guys taken   VIC262  VIC360  VIC355/362  VIC361/363/368/369  These are for education and society minor and I have no idea which of them are good for getting at least B-!!  Thank youuu
0.075 |  A decent single room??? Yo yo yo so I’m gunna be second year next year and have to pick my res room soon. I’m at vic and I heard that lower burwash has some decent singles but at the same time I have no idea how big they are. The floor plans don’t really give an adequate idea of size and I’m hoping to have some room for like a futon and my tv and stuff. Anyone know anything about the lower burwash rooms?
0.062 |  Best hall to live in at Victoria? Male here, so I won't be at Annesley. What are the pros and cons of Upper and Lower Burshwash, Margret Addison, and Rowell Jackman?
0.014 |  Housing Tips for incoming undergrad? Hey guys, I've been admitted to UofT for the physics and philosophy specialist program at Victoria college. I'm also on the waitlist for dorm rooms though, so I may be unable to get one. Does anyone have any tips on housing that's really close to the college? I don't want to have to drive or commute just to get to uni, especially in my first year. Any tips help or advice would be nice, thanks.
0.0 |  Vic One versus Trin One [deleted]
0.0 |  Does CampusOne take students for the fall term only? Tartu’s booked up.  I’d prefer a place near Vic if anyone has a suggestion.
0.0 |  Scholarships at Vic I'm a vic student and I got a 3.85 gpa going into my second year, will that guarantee me in a $1000 scholarship? Do I have to apply or is it automatic?
0.07 |  Help! Uoft Residence "Waitlist" Confusion Hey guys,  &amp;#x200B;  Today I accepted my UofT St. George offer, and I had also applied and submitted my Victoria college application and got accepted there too. However, when I accepted my offer, I noticed it said I missed the march 31 deadline, and I am on a wait list? But wasn't I accepted to Vic college? Will I still go there? What do I do?
0.0 |  DECIDING between U of T vs UBC for upcoming 2019 fall undergrad (admitted to humanities faculty) Hi all, I’m an international student from Hong Kong who recently got accepted into UBC (Vancouver) and U of T st George (vic college). I’m admitted into the faculty of arts and science and plan to major in international relations or other humanities courses along the lines of it. I can’t decide which one to go to, I had a 3.5 gpa in high school and I heard that u of t is a lot more competitive and harder than ubc in academics. What is the social life like on and off campus? I’m also going to grad school afterwards which is why I hope to have a enjoyable uni experience where I can get good grades and good social life.   Thank you!!
0.014 |  haven't recieved residence hall email (new student) hey yall, got admitted back at the end of feburary. i ranked my stuff on myres (vic first, chestnut second since those were my only options). didn't save my rankings until march 30 though.  &amp;#x200B;  Thought I was supposed to receive an email for further steps but I didn't get one. someone on reddit directed me to the starportal website, and i made an account by entering my applicant number and clicking forgot password. I'm supposed to have guaranteed residence but the website says that unless i have an offer of residence from vic i will be on a waitlist. am i good? do i just need to fill out the application and wait or should i contact someone?
0.064 |  Trying to choose between UBC and U of T Hello! I'm in my last year of high school (almost finished!) and I'm trying to decide which university to go to for my undergrad. I am interested in the Arts - Sciences have never really been my "thing" - but I'm not sure specifically what I want to go into yet. For this reason, I want to go into a big university that has a lot of variety in programs so I can find something that I really like and am passionate about. UBC and U of T both fit into this category, but they're so similar that I can't seem to choose between them. I also take the IB Diploma Program, if this helps you with giving me advice (does anyone know exactly how much I can drop in my exams for both universities by the way...?)  &amp;#x200B;  I live in Vancouver, so going to UBC would mean staying close to home. When I first started thinking about universities to go to, my first thought was that I wanted to go somewhere relatively far, so I could be independent (my family is kind of crazy; I have 3 younger brothers, so a little change of pace would be nice). U of T immediately stuck out for me because of this; since it's also a larger city, it seems more exciting and fast-paced than Vancouver as well. Although Vancouver is really nice, it can get kind of boring sometimes, and I'm also searching for something new.  &amp;#x200B;  Academically, both universities have what I'm looking for. As I mentioned before, since I'm not totally sure on what I want to do, the fact that both have a lot of programs is really good for me. In addition to this, I've heard that undergrad education isn't really that different in universities across Canada, so I'm not worried about a difference in quality between the two universities. Neither university is offering a course that isn't offered at the other one, which makes my decision harder.  &amp;#x200B;  Another big factor for my during this decision is the environment. Not just the natural environment, but also the social one. However, the temperature in Toronto is a big factor for me (although I know it's silly and that it really shouldn't be). I've never been very good with the cold (I think that -2 degrees is freezing), so seeing that Toronto can drop to -30 degrees Celsius is not very comforting. Is it worth the cold/wind?  &amp;#x200B;  However, disregarding the weather, Toronto is a lot more culturally diverse than Vancouver, which is something that I was excited about when I was researching it. I'm worried that I won't be able to enjoy this as much as I'd like to, however, as I've read a lot of things online (specifically here, on Reddit) that say that the social scene at U of T is not so good. I consider myself a pretty social person most of the time, and I don't want my university career to consist of solely studying and absolutely nothing else. It seems that U of T is more academically rigorous than UBC, and although my studies are the most important thing to me, I also don't want to be robbed of a social life. Is the social scene at UBC/U of T any good? I haven't really heard any good things about either, but I've also seen a lot of people say that it is what you make of it, which I guess is true for any school.  &amp;#x200B;  Anyways, I'm really really torn between the two schools, and it seems that I'm swayed by any opinion that comes my way because I'm extremely indecisive. I feel that every opinion I get sways me to either school, and it ends up being like a game of Ping-Pong, where I'm just jumping back and forth between the two schools. I know that in the end, this is my decision and it's really what I make of it, but I'd really like to hear you guys' opinions. Hopefully I can read them without being easily swayed to one side or the other.  &amp;#x200B;  EDIT: I forgot to mention, I also really want to do exchange in my 3rd year. I got accepted into Victoria College at UT, and I heard that it has a really good financial aid program. Is the UBC exchange program any better, or is it the same?
0.016 |  Need help with course enrolment questions and ArtSci website is still down! Hi everyone,  I am a First year coming to U of T ArtSci and have ben accepted to Vic One Chambers stream. I want to major in Poli Sci and either S E and L or Criminology and Sociolegal studies. I logged onto the Timetable planner today to plan out my courses which include all the Vic One Chambers stream courses and I need to take POL101Y1 pre-requisite for Poli Sci major. I see that the ECO courses which are a part of Vic One have different "Activities" listed under them. When I added all my course to the timetable, I found that there are conflicts between the ECO Activities and the POL courses  My question is, how many of these activities do I need to enrol in to get full credit for the course?  Thank you for all your help!
0.0 |  ranking residence halls? Hey guys, incoming first year here. I applied pretty early (like January) and got accept at the end of February. I saved my rankings at the end of March before the 31st, because I didn’t realize that you were supposed to save them within 2 weeks of ur acceptance.  My myres page hasn’t changed for the whole time, displays ranking between Victoria college and chestnut residence. I thought it should have changed by now to me ranking my preferred residence halls in vic. Will it change soon?
0.0 |  I need help choosing a hall at Victoria college I just want to know about the bathroom situation. Which halls have semi-private bathrooms (it's what i'd prefer) or like single-sex.
0.0 |  LGBT friendly residences at Vic? im doing my starportal residence application, and i was wondering about the atmosphere in Victoria residences (marg ad, annesley, and upper burwash specifically) towards LGBT people. does anyone have any experience with this, and can anyone let me know generally how accepting these residences are (especially regarding trans people)?
0.096 |  PHY132 in the summer and summer help resources Hello,  I am doing an ROP in the summer and thinking about also doing physics. Physics is not a super strong subject for me so I am wondering what help resources would be available to me in the summer. I know Vic tutors are there during the year. Is there anything similar to that? I will probably be working part time during some of my ROP and physics. Does this sound manageable?      Has anyone taken PHY132 in the summer? I am really dreading the prof (Sealfon).
0.069 |  UC building choices??? Hey guys, I recently got accepted to LifeSci and also to UC. I got an email asking me to rank the buildings of UC for residency but being the confused high school kid that I am, I have no clue what any of the pros and cons of each building/rooms are :( I was hoping some of you gracious souls could help a homie out??  Also I want to room with a friend of mine who is also going to LifeSci, but they're in Vic college. Is it possible for them to be in Vic college but room with me in UC?? or maybe transfer entirely to UC?  Thanks in advance!
0.043 |  Victoria College Residence I was just wondering why do they ask for a deposit upfront when you apply for their residence? Do they secure you a spot when you pay the deposit? I was just accepted into UofT and I missed the residence guarantee deadline so I'm just submitting my applications for the waitlist now. I also applied to New, University, Chestnut and Woodsworth. What are my chances of getting a spot?  Thanks for your time.
0.0 |  Non-academic differences between UT colleges I am curious about the 7 colleges at UofT St. George (although already admitted to New College and Science-oriented student). What are their differences socially, in terms of what kinds of people, what goes on there? Can i hang out at different colleges or is that technically not permitted? I've heard Vic is artsier and SMC is more Catholic. Does UofT have a lot of parties and what are some cool events to take part in?  
0.133 |  vic one admission? i applied to the vic one ryerson stream, and im wondering when they usually do their acceptances. im hearing they do them in april, but im not sure as to when in the month ill hear back. also, do you get an email from them if you aren't accepted into a Vic one stream?  EDIT: just got in!
0.0 |  Power Outage Check So the power has gone out at Vic, the Law fac, and the Music fac. Anywhere else on campus down?
0.0 |  When you have to get from your tutorial in Robarts to your tutorial in Victoria College in 10 minutes. 
0.0 |  Recommendations for housing? I have not yet gotten a decision back from UofT, but they are requiring housing to be selected by tomorrow. Do you have any recommendations, suggestions, or advice that I wouldn't find by the descriptions of the options? The options are Innis Residence, New College Residence, St. Michael's College Residence, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, Victoria University Residence, and Chestnut Residence. Computer Engineering major btw.  Thank you
0.0 |  When you have to get from McLennan to Victoria college in 10 minutes for class 
0.0 |  When you need to get from McLennan to Victoria College in 10 minutes for your next class [deleted]
0.0 |  Need an advice regarding picking a college. I realized that besides picking the program, I shoud also pick the college. I'm planning to apply for math program, and I have a choice Innis, Trinity, or Victoria. They all need to be the first in order to be even considered. Wich one should I choose?
0.0 |  Vic college Got in for life sci with membership to vic. Dont see anything about $$$$. Does it mean I didnt get one or does vic send it separately?
0.093 |  Victoria College, BEST RESIDENCE I am too confused about which residence to choose! Some help please!
0.0 |  Victoria College, which res buildings have air conditioning? (Random Video) 
0.034 |  Residence Hey I just made it and got accepted to uoft Social Sciences. But my average was around a 86%. But my midterm will bring my average up to around 89-90%. But the thing that I’m kind of worried about is the fact that I got accepted with that average into University College. If my mark is higher by midterm will I be able to get into Victoria College. Please let me know how I can get into Victoria College I really want to be apart of it. 
0.018 |  Residence for 1st Year Engineering I've ranked the residences as the following:  &amp;#x200B;  1. New College  2. University College  3. Innis  4. Victoria  5. Chesnut  6. St. Mikes  7. Loretto   8. Trinity   &amp;#x200B;  I've heard my top 3 choices are the closest to engineering buildings. Is that true?   &amp;#x200B;  If I do not get any of my top choices since they accept very few engineering students, how should I rank St. Mikes, Loretto, and Trinity? I don't like the religious scene at St. Mikes or Loretto, and I heard Trinity has bedbugs.  &amp;#x200B;  Also, can anyone share their experience at any of the residences? (how the food was, pros, cons, etc.)
0.0 |  Played myself. Applied to Trinity half because I want to be close to IR classes and half for the architecture.   Drumroll please... got into New College.  Obviously it's not a big deal and I'm greatfull to be accepted to the University in general, but I kind of wish I had just applied for Victoria or ranked University College as my top. Now I am neither in the IR hub or in a cool old looking building.
0.0 |  Engineering student needing advice on residences Hello all, first time on this sub. I’m applying to U of T (St. George campus) and I need some advice for choosing my residence by March 31st. I live in the US (I’m a Canadian citizen and I applied 105D so I get that nice tuition rate), and haven’t been able to tour the residences at U of T, so I need a little help if you wouldn’t mind, please.  My first-choice program is Engineering Science, second Mechanical Engineering, and third Chemical Engineering. I’d like to have fitness options in my residence as well.  My options are Chestnut Residence, Innis Residence (I’m leaning towards this one), New College Residence, St. Michael’s College, Trinity College Residence, University College Residence, and Victoria University Residence.  What do you guys think is the best residence option for a student like me?  Thank you!
0.053 |  which residence building should I rank first @ vic? When I visited them I liked upper burwash the best, but the tour guide said that there were a lot of upper years in it and that many first years put lower burwash as their first choice, is this true? I know that a lot of first years like margaret addison too. Personally, I love the architecture and location of upper and lower burwash. I also want to be in a very social environment because I can be pretty shy when I'm first meeting people and I think it'll be better if I'm out of my comfort zone right away. Plus, I don't mind a bit of partying :)))))))  &amp;#x200B;  thank you!!
0.0 |  Admitted: Should I visit UofT? I'm a high school student who has been admitted to Toronto (Victoria College) for CS. My question is, should I visit the university before I make a decision? What should I do while visiting?  I appreciate y'all taking your time to answer :)  EDIT: Thank you so much guys! The information you gave was a real eye-opener.
0.0 |  Need to decide a residence Hey all! I recently got into the undergrad CS program at UofT (Victoria College) and have the option to choose between Victoria residence itself and Chestnut residence.  I’ve gone through all the websites and stuff but still can’t decide which one to pick. Outside the classroom, I’m a person who plays a lot of sports (and hits the gym daily), does landscape photography, and likes to live near nature.  If someone could help me out here I’d be grateful!  Thanks so much!
0.0 |  Victoria college Got admitted into Uoft faculty of arts&amp;science with membership to Victoria College. How does the vic college residence rank compared to the others at UoftSG? Hows life at vic in general?
0.0 |  Admissions decisions? Does anyone know when decisions for Faculty of Arts &amp; Sciences @ St George's (Studies in the Life Sciences) will be coming out? I'm an International student, and have put Victoria College as my top preference.
0.0 |  Trying to decide how to rank my residence options and need some pros and cons for Victoria and Chestnut. Any thoughts to help me make my decision? 
0.0 |  Scholarships for international students Hey just wondering if there are any scholarships for international students that are worth applying to? I don't have an extraordinary GPA, but is it that if I manage to keep a GPA above 3.5, I will on the Dean's list and be automatically considered for in-course scholarships?  Also, what are things that can differentiate you from other candidates when it comes to scholarship applications?  &amp;#x200B;  p.s. I'm a life sciences students at Victoria college 
0.04 |  Another confused first year in need of assistance: do I enroll in courses for the summer? I’m in first year. I enrolled in English and Philosophy majors at the beginning of this school year (September). Next year I would like to major in English, minor in something else, and then minor in the Victoria College Education and Society program and do the CDP they offer. But, I didn’t take PSY100 this year, a prerequisite for that education minor. I want to take PSY over the summer so I can have the prerequisite and apply for the minor program second year. Do I stay enrolled in my current English and Philosophy majors over the summer if I do not intend to take any courses pertaining to those subjects over the summer? Really confused.  
0.0 |  Help! How much do you actually study? My son has been accepted to UofT (Victoria College) and we are wondering how much you folks actually study. We’ve heard everything from 1 hour per course per day to 3-4 hours per hour of lecture. How many hours do you actually spend on schoolwork (studying, writing, etc.) outside of lecture, tutorials and labs... if you don’t count breaks and playing on your phone, etc? TIA!!!
0.087 |  I’m a totally lost first year and I think I fucked up my chances at a really interesting program. Help? I’m a Victoria College student. I’ve been stumbling through my first year not really knowing anything. I enrolled in the programs to major in English and philosophy to become a teacher eventually, and took some English and philosophy courses with some different courses outside of that (to fulfill credits, interests, to explore). My marks have been fine. I recently discovered the Vic CDP program, and found the road map for it as well. I didn’t take ANY of the programs required/recommended in my first year. I have had no idea what the fuck I’m doing here. The CDP in Education that Victoria College offers is very interesting to me and aligns with my goals pretty well. Did I fuck myself over by not paying attention to it earlier?   For reference, here is the roadmap I’ve read: http://www.vic.utoronto.ca/Assets/VicCollege+Digital+Assets/Victoria+College/VicCollege+Digital+Assets/Principal/Academics/Infographics/combinedprograminfographic.pdf?method=1
0.0 |  Possible Incoming first year, need more info about Victoria College Hi y’all I just got accepted to compsci at UTSG so I’m stoked about that (but the average needed to pick compsci for second year has me concerned).   I didn’t really understand the college system when I applied, I did a little basic research on them and put Victoria because it sounded like it appealed what I like in a community.   However I’m learning now that might now have been the best choice. Although I don’t mind that it sounds like a more arts-leaning college and I’m cool with being around mostly arts ppl, it would be good to be around at least some compsci folks. Would I find any science/computer science students there?  I also didn’t realize how far away Vic is from the compsci classes. Can anyone in the know tell me approx how long it takes to walk from Vic to compsci classes?  Finally, is there any way to transfer colleges before first year starts? Thanks everyone :)   EDIT: I’m from bc, so I’ll be living on residence - any pros or cons about living at Vic would be appreciated as well! 
0.0 |  Victoria College questions [removed]
0.083 |  Passages: A Refugee Crisis Simulation Event Join your Vic Commuter Dons and WUSC-Vic as we reflect on the experiences of refugees as they seek asylum. Their travels and passage from their homelands into a new country can be filled with many long and difficult barriers. Using "Passages," an awareness game created by the UN, as our guide, we will attempt to simulate a refugee's journey through a series of role playing activities and scenes. Discover the plight of refugees as you attempt to navigate through dangerous terrain, stolen goods, adverse weather, administrative and language hurdles, and other barriers to safety.  The event will begin in the Cat's Eye at 4PM.  We will be moving to 2-3 other locations as the simulation unfolds,  finally ending with a discussion period in the Wymilwood Lounge.  Everyone is welcome (all colleges)!   **For those who arrive late: we will be posting which room we'll be in every time we move locations in the discussion section of this event page. Please check there, and follow the instructions of our latest posts.  Feel free to message the page as well if you're unsure!  https://www.facebook.com/events/972420589630381/?ti=cl 
0.0 |  Faculty of Arts &amp; Science looking to copy Vic and implement mandatory small class requirement 
0.031 |  Any College suggestions aimed specifically for CompEng Undergrad Students? So, I managed to get accepted for the CompEng department with Scholars.  I am confused about what college is best for a computer engineering student. I want to find a place that offers me financial security (which I really need) in terms of scholarships in the future.   I want to find a housing place that can really encourage me to engage in club and leadership opportunities in the future, since I want to go into entrepreneurship in the future.   I really like the sound of Innis College, but I heard that scholarship money dries up in upper years. They don't offer meal plans, but I can cook.  Victoria sounds really nice, but I heard that it's only double room. I don't really want a roommate, and I'm willing to pay for it.  I'm a national by the way. 
0.07 |  Dumb question but going to ask anyways, thinking about submitting for a bursary, but will they be running any kind of checks on my income or credit? I'm at Vic College if it matters... It probably sounds like I'm trying to hide my income but really more like I'm a little embarrassed that I need money and I received OSAP (which didn't completely cover my tuition) so I don' t know if it's worth applying since I do work but don't make quite enough to cover everything...
0.0 |  University of Toronto Victoria College UofT 
0.0 |  Is Victoria College open on Saturdays and Sundays I need to know if Victoria College, specifically the main building at 91 Charles, is open on Saturday, Sunday, or both days.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks in advance!
0.063 |  What college has the best food? I’m living in Vic this year and I decided I won’t be returning next year because of how bad their food is. They also make their meal plans mandatory for anyone living in res so I’ve just wasted $4,000 on a meal plan that I only used a couple times plus all the money that I have to spend to eat out because I just can’t force myself to eat Vic food anymore. So I’m wondering what college has the best food because I don’t want to deal with this next year.
0.0 |  Should I take VIC One? Good afternoon/morning/evening, everyone!  &amp;#x200B;  Student hoping to get into the social sciences here.  &amp;#x200B;  I finished the VIC application a couple weeks ago, but something I noticed is that some of the residences/colleges have a "One" course that introduces specialized courses and puts you in smaller classes.  &amp;#x200B;  Would taking this course be better than going through a "regular" first year of university? And what's up with the different streams?  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks in advance for any answers!
0.0 |  Victoria students’ council attempting to rename Ryerson residence building, Vic One stream [deleted]
0.094 |  Hey its my dumbass again so my dumbass didn't bother completing the vic app and the deadline is tomorrow and i haven't written an essay for the second question  what draws you to victoria college and how do you plan to contribute to the community and learning at the college?  Whats vic famous for and why have i chosen it? please help i don't know shit about vic
0.013 |  Incoming first year curious about Victoria College Hey guys! This is my first ever reddit post so I hope I do this right lol. Anyway, I'm a high school senior planning on attending UofT next year. My parents are making me stay in residency for my 1st year, and I ranked Victoria as my #1 choice. I just have a few questions about it that I couldn't find many answers to...  1. I ranked it my highest because I've read a lot about how it's full of friendly arts/humanities peeps (of which I am myself, haha). Can anyone confirm this? I'm kinda shy and am hoping to be surrounded by likeminded people :-) 2. It's a pretty prestigious college, right? Like I know it's the only one aside from Trinity that requires an application, plus it's one of the ones that you have to rank as #1 in order to be considered. Is it really that exclusive? 3. It's also pretty expensive compared to the other colleges. I know they dole out tons of scholarships and stuff but I'm wondering if the rooms/facilities/meal plans are worth the price? 4. This is just a general question about dorm life! I'm likely going to get a double room, is living with a roommate tricky to get used to? And how is the bathroom situation?  I think that's all for right now, any insight would be wonderful, thank you &lt;3
0.182 |  Hello! If you lost your presto card in Vic we have it at Caffiends! 
0.074 |  Do all libraries have security cameras It’s exam season wondering if I left my laptop on the desk for a while if it gets stolen (unlikely) if uoft has cameras. So far I haven’t seen any camera in the law library, Victoria Pratt, trinity. Robarts says they do but not sure where and if it covers the corners
0.0 |  Can anyone help me with the why Victoria College essay. I want to know the student life and the defining qualities of Vic. Thanks! 
0.017 |  Choosing a College So needless to say, I'm in high school and planning to apply to UofT and I have to choose a college.  I plan on doing my undergrad in Chemistry and I'm debating between Trinity, Victoria, University, and New College. I won't be doing residence so my choice won't affect me as much but having a good student life would be nice.   Which of these would be most convenient as a science student as in how much walking would I have to do to get to classes?   And which of these offer the best scholarships for academic excellence? (I tried looking into this but there was so much to look at, so if anybody who knows could give me a tl;dr that'd be great)     Which one would you guys recommend overall?  &amp;#x200B;  From what I've already heard:  \- Trinity is the most prestigious  \- One guy said it'd show up on your degree that you graduated from Trinity  \- Some people have called Trinity a bit pretentious and that all the other colleges collectively jokingly hate on it lol  \- High table dinner where you have to dress up?     \- Victoria has great scholarships?  \- It's a bit far from classes depending on which ones you take  &amp;#x200B;  \- New College is pretty fucking amazing all around (Good library, support staff, convenient location, student body)  &amp;#x200B;  \- University College is pretty nice too, better than the remaining 3 at least imo
0.025 |  Switching Colleges Hi, 2nd year student.  For financial reasons (incidental fees), I'd like to switch from Vic to Woodsworth. I know that Vic gives $1000 scholarships  if u have a high gpa but 4.5 credits, my gpa is under 2.  However, I did get a $3000 entrance scholarship from Victoria, would I have to pay that back?  Thx everyone!
0.192 |  Vic one hundred seminar courses Does anyone know what the assignments are like? I’m in STEM and am being forced to take a course from these, are there a lot of essays? Will it damage my gpa if I’m not the best at writing? 
0.023 |  Which college should I choose? I'm sure this question gets asked a lot, but I'm having a difficult time trying to find which colleges specialize in which programs/areas of interest. I want to get a Humanities BA with an English major with art, writing or history as potential minors. I like the Kensington Market and Chinatown area but I still want to be close to everything. I do like to party from time to time so I'd like to be somewhere lively and still really hip. I'm leaning towards Victoria and St. Mikes based on what I know so far. I'm sure there's no bad choice, but I appreciate anyone's insight!!
0.021 |  Prospective student looking to talk to a current student about Victoria College I'm applying to UofT and I've narrowed down my college choices to Victoria and New. I already have a friend at New so I have a good idea of what it's like, but I was hoping to find out more about Vic, mostly about the student life.  Additional relevant details: Applying for Rotman commerce, Deferring entry till fall 2020 (and I'll be 20) &amp; International Student  DM me or just reply in a comment thanks!
0.0 |  Prospective student looking to talk to a current student about Victoria College [deleted]
0.0 |  What is the best college for a prospective Rotman student? Rank your opinions and feel free to provide additional info.  I'm personally trying to decide between Trinity, Woodsworth, or Victoria.  Thank you! :)
0.049 |  Dropping CR/NCR after deadline? How lenient are they if you want to take off your CR/NCR after the Nov 4th deadline? And how long do I have until?  (I'm a 2nd year life sci student at Vic!) Thanks! I messed up hmb265 real bad and am considering CR/NCRing it but I feel like this second half might be easier (less mathy, more conceptual- which is better for me!)
0.106 |  Tf is going with the Bracket Thing So, I’m part of the Facebook meme group ufot memes for true 🅱️lue teens and my Facebook feed is literally just full of memes related to the brackets and Vic vs Innis (or Engineering or whatever the fuck is going on)? I’m honestly just so lost as it keeps changing (with the fake Brazilian votes, the McDonald’s at NFs, and everything else related to it) so could explain me how the hell this all started. I go to UTSC so I’m usually out of the loop for a lot of stuff that happens at St.George and as a journalism student, I think this would be an interesting thing to write about, sort of tracking events chronologically in a timeline so if someone give a chornological timeline of what happened and why the hell this all started. Thank you Kayne, very cool 
0.03 |  Help with college selection!! Hey, I'm going to be applying to UToronto and I'm very confused about what colleges to pick. I'm going to be studying psychology and would like to go to a college that has a strong sense of community, lots of social events (read: parties) and cool people. I also love libraries and museums. My number one is Victoria and I would appreciate any advice/recommendations based on this.
0.042 |  How is the EJ Pratt Victoria University Library to study and do they have power outlets? Are all UofT students welcomed or only victoria folks during their late night hours until 11:45pm? Do they have power outlets because the picture on Google seems to sugget there are no outlets 
0.064 |  College Selection Hi, I’m applying to UofT soon and I have no idea what college I should rank first. I’m applying for political science and hope to double major with economics. I’m not going to live on res. I’m thinking University or Vic but idk yet.  Any suggestions? 
0.089 |  Easiest college to get into? I'm a first year at UTSC studying Econ/Business and... It's ass. Res sucks, the building looks like a prison, boring environment..  I tried applying to UTSG when I was in grade 12 for Architecture and Life sciences with a low 80 average, and obviously I didn't get in...so I'm trying again this year but for Economics this time. I literally don't want to stay for another year at UTSC.  So does anyone know which college I should rank first, second, third .... to maximize my chances of doing a transfer?  Also, I prefer having a single room and I heard only Woodsworth, Innis and Victoria offer them.. which of the 3 is the easiest to get into?  and lastly, I heard I have to get a 3.7 cGPA to do a transfer... at what GPA would UTSG realistically not accept me for economics? I'm working hard right now but I just need a motivational number you know wht I mean.
0.0 |  Victoria College Acceptance Rate + Average Hi!! Does anyone here know of Vic's acceptance rate and also their acceptance average??? The more recent the better, thanks :) 
0.058 |  Does anyone bother including their college on their resume? Just curious if anyone does something like New College, Toronto or Victoria College, University of Toronto.   It's something I commonly see on wikipedia articles of our famous alumni.
0.02 |  Transferring Colleges after first year Anyone have advice for how to successfully transfer colleges? I wanna switch into Vic because of the $1000 3.5+ GPA scholarship, but obviously I wouldn't want to list that as a reason to transfer. Anyone have good tips for how to request a transfer or what sort of things usually help facilitate the process? 
0.0 |  How can I change my college? I'm in Victoria rn, would like to change to Woodsworth.
0.048 |  Pitch UofT-related satire to The Boundary Hey there,  For those who don't know, ['The Boundary'](https://boundarynews.com) is Victoria College's satire/humour paper. We have a dedicated stream of staff writers, but **we do take freelance submissions.** If you're an eloquent, angsty, true-blue teen with ^(an axe to grind), shoot us an email with a proposed headline and the outline of the article.  Our Facebook page is [https://www.facebook.com/TheBoundaryNews](https://www.facebook.com/TheBoundaryNews) and our email is [boundarynews@gmail.com](mailto:boundarynews@gmail.com)  If we accept the submission, you'll have a byline + foot in the door if you wanna become more involved.
0.03 |  LOST a wallet pls help Hi,   Today arond 10:30 am at somewhere near victoria college I lost my wallet! I tried looking for it everywhere but I couldn’t find it and I assume someone picked it up. It’s pink/red-ish colour and leather-kind of material. If you find it, can someone PLEASE bring it to the old vic building basement mail area or pm me? I really need it asap so please anyone help.. If you need further info comment or pm as well!  Thank you..   EDIT: SOMEONE DROPPED MY WALLET THEY FOUND AT THE COLLEGE REGISTRAR!!! Whoever it is, thank you so so so much!! 
0.0 |  Social science first year searching for an extracurricular activity that will benefit my future through experience. I’m in my first year at Victoria college and I am hoping to double major in international relations  and urban studies with a minor in french and I was wondering one thing mainly. Should I involve myself in student politics and run for a position on VUSAC and/or help the various commissions or should I write and/or edit for The Varsity for the journalism experience?  I want to involve myself in multiple different activities but I need to choose a main one and branch out from there.  Any other suggestions would also be greatly appreciated. :)
0.16 |  Victoria College Frosh fucking sucks The events just suck, does anyone else feel like it’s not worth the money we paid for, to go and try to socialise in the heat in half assed events or is it just me 
0.045 |  Frosh registration For some personal reason I can’t go for orientation tomorrow, I’m from Victoria college and it says you need to register tomorrow. Can I register after tomorrow perhaps? Or do I not get to go any day if I miss tomorrow? 
0.0 |  Vic College students, check your email: In course scholarships emails were just sent out 3.50+ GPA in Victoria College guarantees $1000 per year, check your email to make sure you received it!
0.014 |  Transferring colleges as a second year? I was wondering if it would be possible for me to transfer from my college (st mikes) this year in any way? Im not picky about which college, I just want to leave st mikes. I know victoria college has a gpa requirement to transfer but I cant seem to find information on things like woodsworth or some other colleges. Should I email my own registrar or???   thanks!!
0.0 |  res orientation or college orientation? in new college but living in vic res - which do i attend? is res orientation separate?
0.0 |  Textbooks Hi, first year life sci student here. Do we wait till school starts to buy books or are there any lists I can refer to?   Also, I’m from Vic College and they gave me a 3k entrance scholarship but it hasn’t come up on my acorn yet, how do I get that amount deducted from my fee? 
0.063 |  Can I get the Victoria Small Class requirement waived? So I got an email from Victoria College today saying that I need to take a seminar course, but I have an incredibly full schedule so adding another course is just going to make my transition into university more difficult instead of helping me. Can I get the requirement waived?
0.045 |  transfering colleges how difficult is it to switch colleges? im in my second year and want to switch from new to victoria. if any of you have switched before could you talk about the process or if you have any advice for me! any help would be much appreciated! 
0.066 |  What exactly am I paying for? What services do these fees pay for? Also why do we get charged for each semester? Is there anyway to opt out of any of them?  KPE Co-Curr. Prg,Serv&amp;Fac-PT  Hart House St George-PT  Studt Life Prog &amp; Serv StG-PT  APUS  Victoria VUSAC-PT  Victoria Goldring Centre-PT  Victoria Commuter Pkg-PT  Victoria Student Serv fee-PT  Thanks for the answers guys!
0.031 |  Admission questions for arts St George campus I just have two really quick questions about admissions:  1. Is the International Relations program only offered by Trinity College and is it possible to still major in that program if you are not accepted into the college? 2. How many students does Victoria College admit roughly?  Thanks 
0.015 |  Vic Students -- Have you received your scholarships yet? Vic students are supposed to receive scholarships every 5.0 courses if they make the Dean's List (eg. 3.5+ GPA) in (I believe?) their first and second years. I received my scholarship for my first year in July 2017, and am wondering if anyone has received news of this year's round of scholarships? I qualify for one again but haven't heard anything, and I don't want to seem entitled and actually ask someone from the registrar...
0.0 |  nutritional info Anyone know if there’s nutritional info for burwash dining hall? Trying to keep track of my macros and calorie intake as it’s worked for me this summer. Wanted to continue into the school year
0.0 |  Student kitchens around campus i know there are ones around victoria college, but are there any around sidney smith hall? i dont wanna use my legs 
0.031 |  Who should I be emailing?? I was looking into the material cultures minor and the requirements for the minor include: "... one full credit of the following first year courses: ANT100Y1 – Introduction to Anthropology, any first year course in History,  FAH101H1 – Monuments Art History, SOC101Y – Introduction to Sociology, SOC102H1 - Introduction to Sociology Social Inequalities, SOC103H1 - Introduction to Sociology Social Institutions and Processes or *one credit from* the Vic One program."   I was wondering if taking SOC100 and SOC150 was equivalent to the "one full credit" they're asking for since SOC101Y isn't being offered this year, but I'm not exactly sure who to direct this question to...   If anyone has any idea on who I should ask, that'd be greatly appreciated as I'd like to drop anthropology if I can, so I can add in an English course (:   TIA!
0.0 |  First year Seminars What first year seminar did you guys do? Was the workload bearable? I plan to take a seminar first year due to being a vic student and was debating weather to do the political spaces seminar with R Silvey or the City in deep time:Diverse perspectives of Toronto’s past seminar with K Patton. Has anyone done these two seminars? If so, how were they? Any feedback is appreciated!
0.0 |  HELP UofT Admissions Repeated Courses Hi! I was wondering if anyone could shed some light on the admissions perspective on repeated high school courses. I'm considering applying to a PoliSci or International Relations program and hoping to get accepted into Trinity or Victoria. I know i have a competitive average (90) but I have one problem...I retook Advanced Functions after getting a 72 (my new Ad Fxn Mark is an 87). Will this make a huge impact?? Will they even consider the new mark? What are my chances of getting in with this sitch?   Please Help!
0.011 |  Bachelor of Arts from U of T vs. Bsc from U Vic? Hello fellow reditors,   Long story short i haven't been accepted into the Psychology program at U of T and i'm opting for a major in religious studies to complete my BA. Ultimately, my goal is to become a psychotherapist which requires a Masters in the field, but i was wondering if i'd be better off completing a Bsc in Psychology at another university, specifically U Vic, or just complete my BA at U of T.   Any thoughts or useful ressources would be very helpful.   **Tldr**: Would a BA from U of T or a Bsc in psychology from another uni grant greater access to Masters programs? 
0.0 |  Which course has the least amount of reading?? I'm looking into a minor of interest and their requirements are:  "... one full credit of the following first year courses: ANT100Y1 – Introduction to Anthropology, any first year course in History,  FAH101H1 – Monuments Art History, SOC101Y – Introduction to Sociology, SOC102H1 - Introduction to Sociology Social Inequalities, SOC103H1 - Introduction to Sociology Social Institutions and Processes or *one credit from* the Vic One program."   I'm already taking PSY100H1 (sem) and SOC100 &amp; SOC150, which probably means my reading is heavy already.. does anyone know which of these courses have the least amount of textbook reading or just has a very bearable amount??  TIA!  
0.084 |  VIC Seminars I can either take VIC135: The Death of Meaning w/ Lawless  or  VIC141: Discovery and Revolution w/ Eisenbichler (however I am more hesitant to take this one as it sounds similar to HIS109 which I'm also taking or would this perhaps be a good complimentary course?)  Has anyone taken either seminar? what was it like? was the professor good?
0.0 |  When do award payments show up on Acorn? More specifically the $1k Vic scholarship. 
0.0 |  Question about Rowell Jackman Residences So I was offered a double room in RJ Hall in Victoria College. I just have two questions: What is the double room like (in terms of the amount of privacy you'd have from your roommate/other suite mates, and is it possible to bring members of the opposite sex home?   Thanks :\^) 
0.0 |  Help an incoming first year student? Just a little bit of background info:  * I was in a non-semestered high school so I'm not used to the semestered system at all  * Victoria college student (Vic One Pearson stream too so I already have 2 credits filled up) * Looking to double major in politics and history (or specialist in politics and minor in history)  1. For full year courses (ex. POL101Y1Y) is there a mid term and an end of the year exam? Would the end of the year exam then be in spring? 2. Is the spring semester busier than the fall semester because of the end of the year exams? 3. Should you try and fulfill all the breadth requirement as early as possible?  4. When should I schedule labs/ tutorials? Before or after class? 5. The start time (thing they're supposed to give on July 20th) is basically a window period where you can pick courses right?   Literally any advice would help! 
0.105 |  Timetable Thoughts? (First Year CS-Stream, UTSG) [Timetable Here](https://imgur.com/F8pXlGk)  Title explains most it, I'll also be living on campus (vic). Is it a bad idea to have MAT137 at 9 AM three times a week?
0.145 |  ELI5: What’s with all the Trinity hate? Graduated in Victoria college’s class of 2016 here, so I’m not up to date with all this college shinanigens.  I’ve noticed in both this subreddit and the UofT memes Facebook group that everybody likes to shit on Trinity for some reason.   Is there some inside joke about how snobby Trinity students are or something?
0.0 |  Transfer to Vic for scholarships For those who transferred to Vic after the first year, did you get $1000 at the end of the second year and third year? I know they don't give scholarships the year you transfer in i.e. for first year. 
0.036 |  do i really need to take a seminar course?? i’m in vic college and i just got an email from them and part of it said they require first years to take at least half a credit in a seminar course. i’m really not interested in doing one. how strict are they about it/will anyone actually care if i don’t sign up for one??? 
0.046 |  Why is there an online deposit payment at the end of the Victoria University residence application? I filled out all the residence applications, but only Victoria asked for a payment at the end ($625)  How come?   If I pay it, am I guaranteed a spot?
0.0 |  Help choosing Hall at Victoria College? Hello,  I received an offer of residence to Victoria earlier this morning. I haven't been able to find too much comprehensive information on that actual rooms so was hoping you guys would be able to help me out. Ideally, I'm looking for a single or double room in a suite style that would allow me to have a private bathroom and kitchen (shared with the other 4 or however many people). Which halls should I choose? 
0.012 |  Northrop Frye McDonald's sponsorship for Victoria College students Hi guys I'm wondering if McDonald's is a proud patron of the Uoft Victoria College. I know they are a prominent figure in the university student culture (after all it is 90% part time student governed).  Do you know what kind of qualifications you need to earn their award/grant money?  I really enjoy going to the location and everyone there knows me by name. Heck, even Dave tutored me in MAT137. and everyone loves Dave from McDonald's. When I first met him he was big on Wendy's but boy after NFM I wouldn't be surprised if he wins the scholarship.  The best part is that I don't think it's based on grades but community involvement so I think I've got this in the bag. The to- go bag.  Anyone have more info on this money opp? It'd be gratefully appreciated. 
0.0 |  Anyone Know Where I Can Purchase Victoria College Merch? Incoming Froshee trying to find some Vic merch. All and any help is greatly appreciated!
0.052 |  Most Beneficial UofT College If I Want an English Degree? I know it's said that the colleges don't matter in the longrun, but I was just curious on if the colleges "specialized" in certain fields/degrees, and which college would be best if I wanted to go into English/Law. I heard Trinity or Victoria, but I'm unsure? 
0.066 |  Change my mind, please Hello, I currently go to a high school in bc and recently I was accepted to the faculty of materials engineering and will be going this fall.  I chose u of t instead of ubc since I wanted to experience something different cus I’ve lived my entire life in the lower mainland. However, the things I hear about u of t are mostly negative which are starting to worry me. Thus, I’m writing this post.  Some of my friends who went there for their band trip told me that most of the colleges are depressing and dirty since the showers are shared is that really true?\(especially Victoria college if I don’t get into new college\). I’ve also heard that u of t doesn’t necessarily treat their students well\(fairly\) since they give more opportunities to “smart people”. Also i heard that it’s almost hard to make it to class on time if your in colleges other than new college for engineering since you can’t take a transit.   Another part I’m worried about is the engineering faculty building, is it depressing? And also are there lots of Chinese people? \(I just feel that if there are too many people that speak foreign languages I’d feel out of place and not even be able to have a conversation because it would be rude to interrupt)\The pictures I look up are really deceiving in my opinion that’s what my friend who went there also said. Also the studying environment, I’m not sure what to think at this point but I’ve heard that its really competitive and easy to get distracted compared to McGill and ubc since it’s in downtown Toronto.  Will I be able to at least graduate if I try my best? I understand that many people can have different opinions and also biased ones since I’m in BC but with the information I have right now I feel like my life at u of t isn’t going to be a good one.  I would like to hear your opinions, thank you in advance. \&lt;3
0.046 |  Switching Colleges What does it take to switch colleges? Do you need some sort of valid reason, because I tried a few years ago and they really made it clear it was not going to happen yet I've heard of other people who've done it. I'm coming back for a second undergraduate degree and I heard that Vic has a great scholarship program, I'm currently at St. Mikes, maybe the worst college for scholarships? Any advice on what I could do?
0.106 |  Confusion with residency/waitlist I am an incoming freshman at uoft st. George and membership in woodsworth college. I accidentally missed the deadline to get garunteed housing and am just no filling out all of the applications for the residences. I finished a few of them where I just had to answer questions, but once I got to Trinity and Victoria they were telling me to pay them $600. Why do I have to pay them both $600 before I even know which one I am going to? Am I misunderstanding this system? Also what are the odds that I will be able to get residency and won't have to live on off-campus housing? Thanks in advance for the help.
0.0 |  Best residence ? I ranked the following :  1) Victoria University Residence  2) New College Residence  3) St. Micheals College Residence  4) Chestnut Residence  5) Trinity College Residence   6th choice is university College Residence however it says “ university College Residence reserves a maximum of 20 spaces for students within a professional faculty “ what does this mean ?   But yeah which do u guys recommend ?  
0.087 |  First year foundations for CS I'm was given an offer in CS. Which "ones" program would be the most beneficial?  I'm in Victoria college, didn't realise Vic one closed so early :(
0.096 |  Im a sad boi Hey guys what are the benefits of UTSG for CS? I'm pretty devasted to be deferred by Waterloo since it's my dream school since junior high. But I'm very grateful to be accepted here and I am determined to make the best of my experience. I was missed the deadline for Vic one and awards profile so I feel pretty guilty  for not trying my hardest for my parents. I know it doesn't matter in the long run but it feels bad man.  Could anyone motivate me with some fun facts about UofT and what you guys enjoy about the CS program?  Thank you &lt;3
0.012 |  UBC or UofT for Life Sciences? I got into UofT for Life Sciences (Vic) and UBC for Applied Biology and I'm having a hard time deciding where to go. At UofT I want to major in either Ecology &amp; Evolutionary Biology or Animal Physiology, and at UBC I'm majoring in Applied Animal Biology, and maybe grad school later for both.  Idk if they are related, but some pros/cons:   - I currently live near Vancouver, so I'm a lot more familiar with UBC. I've been to the UofT campus once.   - Most of my friends are going to UBC, but my sister studies at UofT so I won't be completely by myself for the first few months wherever I go.   - UBC has coop options.   - I got into the Land and Food Systems faculty at UBC, which is a fairly small faculty. Maybe more connections with professors??   - UofT has more research opportunities. The Summer Abroad opportunities for ecology especially interests me.   - Not much of a deciding factor, but I like the UofT campus and its aesthetics much better  Thanks in advance for any advice!
0.0 |  Is it possible to change your college? Fresher in fall, I've been admitted to New College... but I literally can't find any information about it (say on YouTube. By comparison, UC, Vic and Trinity are all over YouTube!) I knew nothing about the college's  when I applied, and Victoria is looking better at the moment.   Is it possible to change my college? Who should I email?  If I cant, do tell me something about New College.
0.086 |  IB Acceptance?? Hi! I’m currently finishing my final year of IB, and my school isn’t really an IB school, with only 16 kids finishing up the diploma program. With other classes going on and scheduling mix ups, I’m hella worried how my final marks will turn out. My HL chem teacher is a complete dud, and I did not do well on Chem / Bio IAs (even tho have a predicted 6 in HL bio). I currently have a predicted 35? I think? (Literally don’t know how IB marks work, like what the EE/CAS/TOK is worth?) I already accepted my offer to Vic College at U of T as well as Vic One. U of T is my dream and I’m so excited to go there next year, but I’m so stressed that I’ll screw up my final exams and they’ll take away my offer! (As everyone knows, SL Math happened and was a crapshoot). Should I be worried? 
0.065 |  How hard is it to get into a residence as a transfer student? (2nd year) + questions about residences Basically I'm transferring to uoft for 2nd year and I'm doing my residence applications right now. I want to go to either Chestnut (single), Victoria college (upper/lower burwash single), or new college (45 wilcocks single), I'm wondering what my chances are to get into any of these? Anyone know if they're exceptionally hard to get into, I might not transfer if that's the case because I'll have no where to live.   What's the difference between upper burwash and lower burwash in terms of single rooms? How are the washrooms different, there was a mention of one of them being 'semi-private'  
0.0 |  Advantages of Vic One (Stowe-Gullen) to someone who wants to get research opportunities I've read countless reddits on the advantages of Vic One and I agree, the courses sound pretty interesting. But as a student particularly driven to find research in mind, does Vic One offer me any distinctive advantages/opportunities? 
0.036 |  Are my chances of getting into ROP lower without enrolment in a Vic One program? I'll be an incoming Life Science student at UTSG next year and going to Victoria College. I was initially planning to apply for the Vic One Stowe-Gullen  stream but long story short - it didn't happen. Now, planning ahead, I know I want research opportunities at UofT, especially the ROPs in second year, and I'm wondering if, without the prof-relations and background knowledge about research that I would have otherwise learned in Vic One, are my chances of getting a ROP lower in any way?   I know that there are scholarships for Vic Nne students too that I assume they can put on their ROP app under the awards/achievements section. (But I obviously don't have that choice anymore) So that included, will my chances of obtaining a ROP at UTSG and garnering professor relations lowered now?   Thanks for any and all help! 
0.029 |  Victoria College Residence - Upper Burwash Hall: Difference between Single room vs. Single room + shared bath? Basically wondering what the 'shared bath' means? Is that like a typical family bathroom sink, bathtub, toilet, in one room that's shared with someone else? How does that work?  And if you don't have the 'shared bath' then what are your washrooms like?
0.07 |  Vic One vs. Woodsworth One vs. New One Hey r/UofT,  Has anyone done any of these programs? If so, how was it? I've listed some pros/cons for each to help me decide but please let me know if anything is wrong or if you have something to add. Thanks in advance!  Vic One (Pearson): - supposedly well-known? - convenient location (I'm in Vic college) - takes up 3.0 credits total which is a bit much - work load is more intense?  Woodsworth One (Order &amp; Disorder): - co-curricular activities look good (are they though?) - takes up less credits than vic one? - work load is alright?  New One (languages &amp; diversity): - no co-requisites - haven't heard very much about it - kinda far from vic
0.0 |  Is there still construction going on at EJ Pratt library? This is usually my favourite library to study at but a few weeks ago, they started doing really loud construction there. I haven't been there or near Victoria College since classes ended but I was thinking of going to the library tomorrow to study for my exam, but will only if the construction isn't happening.
0.0 |  Has anyone been accepted to Vic One? They said that we would start hearing in mid April so I was just wondering if anyone had heard yet? I need to start accepting other offers on may 1st so I am kind of running out of time yikes 
0.0 |  Summer Residence with Kitchen I am seeing that some of the summer residences are much cheaper than subletting. I need a place that I can cook and don't know what the kitchenette in a few of the buildings entails and if it will be enough for cooking. Would living in Trinity or in Rowell Jackman Hall (a part of Victoria) be good options? If not, where would you suggest thats cheap?
0.0 |  Vic research award anyone apply for this?? do you know how it's evaluated?? does everyone get something how many people get something what
0.0 |  Which Victoria College Residence Hall is best? Hi,  Was wondering which Residence Hall @ Victoria is best? Best if you could name pros and cons of each (Maragaret Addison, RJ, Burwash Hall Lower/Upper).
0.015 |  Changing college choice to Vic before first year? To keep it brief, I'm a high school senior going into history in Fall 2018. I did some research for my college choices, but evidently not enough. Right now I'm admitted to UC, which is okay with me, but I think Vic's interdisciplinary focus and reputation for being good for humanities students makes it more attractive to me right now.  I would send an email, but Vic's website notes that all college choice changes have to be made through OUAC before Jan 17, which is long past.  In the end, I'll probably transfer for my second year so I can take some upper year programs like critical theory at vic, but I want to be able to transfer before Fall 2018 starts.  Does anyone have any experience with this sort of situation? Does anyone have any advice? Who should I contact to discuss options from here on in? How should I contact vic's registrar, and should I even try if it's past the deadline?  Thanks folks.
0.0 |  Kin question if someone is accepted into kin and chooses residence at victoria college, they arent considered a vic student, right? are kin students able to get the $1000 from vic for having a 3.5 gpa each year?
0.018 |  The professors and administrative staff at this university are honestly so great Just sharing my experiences so far at UofT having (almost) completed third year. It seems like the majority of the professors that I've encountered across a *number* of departments have been so caring, attentive and genuinely interested in helping their students succeed. I've had professors take the time to slot me into their busy schedules when I couldn't make regular office hours, and professors who've taken me or my lab group out for lunch or coffee to get to know us better. Even when talking about non-coursework related topics, I've never felt like any professor was too busy to talk to me.   Even the staff at my registrars' office (Vic) have been incredible. The academic advisors and front desk staff have been so warm and helpful and know exactly how to get you out of a pinch. I can't count the number of times they've bailed me out or helped me plan out my goals when I myself couldn't see where I was headed.  I don't know if it's the good weather or not, but I just felt like sharing some of the positive experiences I've had here. Even though UofT is a tough school, the staff here are super helpful and have made it worthwhile for me. 
0.0 |  UoT Residence: Victoria College or Chestnut Residence? Just got accepted into UoT. Was wondering which residence is better?
0.028 |  Do you find second year lonelier than first year? I'm enjoying my first year in res, and have made quite a few friends living at my college (vic). Next year many of us will move out, including me, and I'm moving out to a place without any of my friends. I'm afraid keeping social will get significantly harder in the second year because of this. Has anyone experienced the same thing, and how did it turn out?
0.0 |  Vic One stream for sciences/maths-oriented student? (Schalow vs Sowe-Gullen) I am deciding between Schalow and Sowe-Gullen streams. Schalow seems to be more directly related to my stream (physical sciences), but I heard there is more research completed in Sowe-Gullen.
0.149 |  Loud crashing sound around Victoria College Anyone else at vic just hear that loud ass crashing sound? kinda spooked out here
0.018 |  Transferring Colleges I'm a first year student at St. Mikes and to put it simply, I don't like my college. Along with many other reasons, I would like to transfer to Vic because I agree with their values and I think their Student Union is much more welcoming than the one at St. Mikes.  One of the requirements however is to have at least a 3.3 cGPA, which I don't think I'll be able to reach at the end of the year (maybe at most a 3.0). I was wondering if anyone was able to transfer to Vic or any other college without fully meeting the GPA requirement.  Many thanks!
0.0 |  Anyone spending the summer in Victoria, BC? Hi,  I’ll be spending the summer in Victoria, BC for a co-op in the downtown core. Was wondering if there was anyone on this sub who will also be spending the summer in Vic. or knows someone who will. Perhaps we could meet and team up to find a place to rent.  Please PM if this is relevant to you. Thank you.
0.014 |  kind of stupid question about writing and rhetoric hi! I'm a (clearly overambitious) grade 11 student and I was looking into courses and the writing and rhetoric course caught my eye. I'm not a math and science person and I like writing and opinion based stuff so I thought maybe that would be good to look into? but I have a few questions  1. the program website is innis college. do I have to go there to take the course? I'm looking at vic or university college   2. if that falls under the humanities and I apply for that branch can I still take some social science courses because I'm also into sociology and the like.  3. anyone who has taken it, is it a good course? what are things you can go into from it?  thank you so much
0.0 |  Quality of life of undergraduates at St. George campus? I was offered admission to Studies in Social Sciences in the Faculty of Arts and Science, St. George campus with membership in Victoria College, earlier today. I wish to study economics and pursue behavioural economics in the future. Im deciding between UofT and UBC to pursue my undergraduate education.  So my question to the subreddit was, how is the quality of life at UoftT like? As in, i've heard from some people that the university is a bit too competitive and ends up becoming a rat race for all 4 years of university. Some also said that the workload is so overbearing that it causes their lively hood to be compromised a considerable amount.  So i'd like to get some insight into what you guys thought about these statements? Can you related to what I've heard? Is the workload at competitiveness really that daunting?
0.0 |  Too late for Trinity and Vic? [deleted]
0.082 |  UofT Social Scene Im a potential student and Ive heard its dead out there, outright depressing, Im a straight A student but I go out 3 times a week Also how are frats ?  Which college has the best scene ? Ive heard Trinity and Vic 
0.0 |  College System I applied to New College Life Sciences but was wondering if I have to live at New College residence? If I end up living in Vic, where will I have my orientation?
0.0 |  Which colleges are the most selective/competitive, do I have a chance for admission? Hi, I'm a grade 12 student who just applied to music and criminology (Victoria college) at UofT. Can anyone tell me which colleges are the most selective and competitive? I have a top six average of 91, and quite a handful of extracurriculars. I just submitted the Victoria college app today, and I'm thinking about applying to Vic One too. Thanks in advance! 
0.364 |  Are there any serious disadvantages of attending Victoria college? 
0.0 |  Victoria Res vs Chestnut Res I am an incoming freshman and have to choose between these two. Which one do I choose? I have chosen Computer Science as my major and want a residence where I can socialise and have some fun but can also focus on my academics at the same time.  P.S. If it matters, I am an Indian national
0.0 |  Why is csc209 in Victoria college? [deleted]
0.022 |  Victoria College for computer science? Is Vic good for CS students? I got into Vic because I randomly ranked it first on OUAC (without doing any research yet 😐). I am particularly concerned with the lack of science students and the long walk from the CS department. I like some parties going on but I'd rather want peace and quietness. Any thoughts appreciated! 
0.0 |  Which college to choose? I am in grade 12 applying for UofT for Anthropology. Three colleges that catch my eye are Trinity, Vic, and UC because of the architecture. I am aware that Trinity and Vic must be listed first.   Some questions I have are:  Can more than one college accept me? Lets say I rank the colleges 1. Trinity; 2. UC; could both Trinity and UC accept me?   Also, lets say I choose Trinity over Vic, would I have to put Vic at the bottom of the list?   If I go to Trinity, could I apply for other One programs of other colleges?  What are the pros and cons of these three colleges and what is the atmosphere, staff, food, events, culture like?  EDIT: I wont be on residence, I will be commuting 
0.0 |  In rez, are there single rooms with private bathrooms? I will be going to UofT next year, and I am wondering if there are any single rooms with private bathrooms (hopefully at Vic?) because I really like my privacy. Thank you!
0.056 |  Victoria College Small Class Requirement What exactly happens if you refuse to take a small class in your first year and you go to vic? Is this "requirement" really a requirement or can I just casually ignore it? I think its silly that they should force me to add an extra class I don't want to take to my workload. Is there any way to petition against having to do this? Also does anyone know if the small class requirement for victoria college is eligible for CR/NCR? Seminars are not really my thing. Any help would be appreciated.
0.039 |  Colleges for faculty of arts and science I'm a little confused on why they're called "colleges", is it just a quirky little thing?  Also, if innis, Victoria, Trinity, and Woodworth (for rotmann) all need to be first choices to be considered , after I choose one of them as your top choice, should I just rank all the other ones at the bottom because I won't be going to those no matter what? Thanks!
0.04 |  Changing colleges after admission Hey,  When I was applying to UofT I didn't really pay much attention to the college rankings (which was entirely my fault, I know, and I let my counselor fill it up for me) so I got accepted to my first choice which was St. Michael's college for rotman commerce but I realized that I might be a better fit for Victoria or Trinity and I'm not sure how to change or if colleges even make a big difference? Do I have to reapply through ouac since trinity has a higher threshold?  Could someone help?
0.0 |  Victoria/St. Michael's for science majors? I'm applying for chemistry and can't decide on a college. I was leaning towards Victoria and St. Michael's but heard they're far from the science buildings. Is the trek across Queen's Park really that intolerable? Should I apply for UC instead?
0.031 |  Living in another college's res? Has anyone had any luck getting a space in another college's residence? Tried living at Vic but I really don't like how far it is from everything and I don't wanna deal with the whole mandatory meal plan situation in the future. I'm interested in res at Woodsworth but I know I'd be last priority getting in.  Has anyone been successful in getting a room at another college's res? Or do I need to transfer to Woodsworth to actually get a shot?
0.242 |  The Varsity accuses Victoria College of having "accountability problems" because it's a federated college, despite having zero evidence 
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.017 |  Help deciding on my college rankings Hi all! I'm going to apply to the University of Toronto soon and I'm trying to decide on my college rankings. Here's my deal:  I enjoy partying but don't nesicarily want a "party" culture in my college at UoT. I like the idea of apartment style housing over dorms. I want to have some sense of a smaller community and also want to make sure I can get away from the noise of the city if I want to - some green space would be great. My major will be computer science. That being said, I have a range of interests from Environmental and Political Science to Visual Arts. I'm a solid student although I'm not sure if my rigor would be up to par with Trinity or Victoria.  Given this information, my preliminary research, and talking to people that I know go to UoT, this is my ranking of Colleges:  Innis, Woodsworth, Victoria, New, St. Michaels, Trinity, University  Where do you guys live and what would you recommend?  Thanks!  EDIT: I'm down to having Victoria or Innis as my first choice. There can only be one! Which would you guys favor and why?
0.0 |  Chances for social sciences? See title. Grade 12 student with a 90 avg. GPA is 3.5 unweighted, 4.25 weighted, taking 4 AP courses. 29 on ACT. Looking to specialise in anthropology or double major in anthro/IR. Ranked Vic first, UC second. I will be applying after November 1, so that means only grade 12 marks are considered by U of T admissions?  Any info would be appreciated!
0.036 |  Does dropping to 3.0 credit this semester make me part term? I have 3 credits from high school that I want to take advantage of, so I am planning to drop one of my classes, but I don't want to be considered a part-time student.  The thing is one of my classes are split into two different classes (vic one)... so although i would technically have 4 classes, i think its only 3.0 credits
0.0 |  anyone know how to access "Coursepack" readings on blackboard? [vic 202] I'm taking vic202 and the syllabus says that selected texts will be available online: "Coursepack (CP) - Fall: Readings by week, on-line, on Blackboard"  but I can't find what that means? does anyone know where the selections from plato and aristotle are on blackboard?  thanks!!
0.0 |  Upcoming College Library book sales at U of T ... If you're new to campus - and even if you're not - you might like to know about four book sales that are coming up at various colleges    [St Mike's College at U of T](https://stmikes.utoronto.ca/booksale/) is having a sale at the end September 27 ~ September 30 2017   [Trinity College](http://www.trinity.utoronto.ca/library_archives/friends/book_sale.html) is having their sale Thursday, October 19th to Monday, October 23rd, 2017   University College is having their sale on [October 13th-16th](http://www.uc.utoronto.ca/fall-sale).  And [Victoria College](http://library.vicu.utoronto.ca/friends/book_sale.html) Thursday, September 21st until Monday, September 25th at Old Vic, 91 Charles St. W. (Museum Subway station). 
0.0 |  Victoria College Book Sale 2017 (starts today until Mon, Sept. 25) 
0.0 |  Charter Day Victoria I received the regular GPA above 3.5 scholarship at Vic and they have sent invitations about a charter day. Is this worth going to?
0.016 |  UofT top ranked in Canada for employability (15th in world) UofT sent out an email boasting about the new QS rankings for employability.   Turns out that if you look at the indicators, most of the weight for that ranking comes from *reputation* (30%), and the least weight comes from graduate employment rates (10%). 25% goes to alumni outcomes, which is basically "which universities do the most influential people go to?", which is again a matter of reputation if you think about it.   ...   If you sort by employment rate, UofT is the *second worst* in Canada out of the Universities with a listed employment score (note: this is not the employment rate - the score looks at employment rates 12 months out, and scores them relative to the national employment rate to make comparisons across countries more meaningful):  University of Alberta (91%)  University of Waterloo (87%)  University of British Columbia (86%)  University of Calgary (84%)  Queen's University at Kingston (82%)  McMaster University (73%)  University of Victoria (71%)  University of Toronto (70%)  We literally only beat one other Canadian university:  Universite de Montreal (61%)  Worldwide, our employment rate puts us 148th out of 200 with listed employment rates.   Similarly, if you sort by "Partnerships with employers per faculty" UofT clocks in at 137th in the world.   I'm so glad UofT is proud of these employability rankings that show how effectively the university has prioritized its reputation above everything else. 
0.011 |  Returning for winter term only? To make a long story short I had to leave my first year at UofT after first semester last year for health reasons. I planned on waiting until fall 2018 to return but my health has improved faster than expected and I've recently started thinking about returning this January, just for part time.   Anyone know if this is even possible?   EDIT: so it is possible! anyone have any idea how much it costs for 1 credit? I'm in Vic if that makes a huge difference.
0.0 |  how does mail delivery work? can i order stuff online and have it shipped to my residence? i'm in victoria college margaret addison hall if it matters. 
0.0 |  Mirror in annesley hall Is there a full length mirror in annesley hall?? Or do I need to bring one?
0.0 |  Margaret Addison Internet My room is across the hall from the common room, is the wifi going to be enough? I have a relatively new mac which does not have an ethernet outlet, what should I do if I need to use the ethernet?
0.039 |  Questions about U of T Internet I will be living in Victoria`s Upper Burwash residence.  Is there a limit on the amount of bandwidth that we are allowed to use via ethernet in our rooms? I have heard conflicting information on this. Some people say that there is a limit of 12GB a week, while others say it is unlimited. In addition, is it the same for wireless internet? Is there a separate limit (if any) for wireless, or is it grouped with ethernet? Also, is there a cap on internet speeds, and how is capacity distributed? Is it first come-first serve to access it in each building, or does everyone get a set amount that is capped? I read somewhere that it is capped at 25Mbps. However, I have also heard that there is no cap, and speed is only limited if there are a lot of people using it at a time (so if there are a ton of people using it, it will slow down). If there is no cap, what is the speed on a typical day? Finally, if you are in a double room, is internet slower as compared to a single room? And how does U of T track your internet usage? Does it track you based on the ethernet port that you use in your room, or do you have to sign into or set up something on your computer whenever you need internet access? Thanks in advance.
0.07 |  Laundry at Vic Can someone please explain to me what the laundry situation is like at Vic, specifically Annesley Hall? Is everything hygienic, will it ruin your clothes? Do they provide detergent and dryer sheets, or do you have to bring your own? Thanks in advance. 
0.0 |  Vic Residence (Annesley Hall) Are there closets in Annesley Hall single rooms? Also, are there single rooms aesthetically pleasing or at the very least, nice? What is it like living in that residence? Thanks in advance. 
0.0 |  Curfew at residence Does anyone know if Victoria college has a curfew for students in residence? I have tickets to go to this movie at tiff but it's a midnight showing .. can I still go?
0.365 |  Victoria College ghost tour [deleted]
0.0 |  Question on Burwash Dining Hall [deleted]
0.032 |  Vic Meal Plan Got myself Meal Plan A and it comes with $275 Vic Dollars. Can I use these dollars at any cafe on campus? Or just Ned's/Burwash when I finish my meal count? Seems pretty inconvenient to have to go back to my res to get food without using cash...  Also, how heavily does vic enforce their "taking food out of the dining hall" rule, if there is one? 
0.029 |  Victoria College residence question I wouldn't normally ask Reddit about this but due to residence offers for professional faculties being "delayed" this year I received my residence offer today.  I have been given the choice 2 choices as a first year engineering student:  Triple room in Margaret Addison Hall   or   Double room in Rowell Jackman Hall  Any thoughts on what choice I should make? The deadline is Aug 14th so I cannot see them in person. I am wondering if the triple room is cramped or would there be extra room?
0.0 |  Minimum GPA for scholarship/Victoria college I want to get a scholarship at Victoria college but I don't really know what the minimum is.. did anyone get a scholarship there what was ur average and how much did you get
0.0 |  Victoria college residence fees [deleted]
0.0 |  Paying residence fees. If I'm paying for the residence fees for my college (Victoria) do I just send them to the University as I would do with the minimum payment?
0.045 |  How is Vic Freshman Orientation? Our theme ("I am Victoria") was revealed today, and honestly, I think it's pretty pretentious and lame, especially when you put it up against, like, UC's theme (Jurrassic).    I heard that Vic's orientations have a rep for being the best though????  WHAT SHOULD I EXPECT?
0.0 |  Tuition and residence fee deadlines I'm going to be a first year in Arts &amp; Sciences and living at Victoria College. I went ahead and deferred my fees on ACORN because I'll be getting some OSAP money but I couldn't find much information on payment deadlines for those who deferred?  Anyone know the dates for things like minimum payment, full amount due, interest starts accruing, etc. ? For tuition, I was able to find [this](http://www.fees.utoronto.ca/Assets/Student+Accounts+Digital+Assets/2016+2017+Fall+Winter/fac.pdf) "Billing &amp; Payment Schedule" but it's for 2016 - 2017. As for deferred residence fees at Victoria College, I haven't found anything...
0.0 |  When will residence fees be posted to acorn? I got an email saying the fees would be posted to acorn by July 31st, but they aren't there yet. Am I just not looking in the right place? They're due soon too, the deadline for Vic is August 15
0.051 |  Questions on Upper Burwash Residence Hello, Victoria College has recently assigned me to Upper Burwash in a double room. I have a few questions that I would like to ask (sorry, there is a ton of them, and forgive me if any questions seems stupid) :  How does ethernet/wifi access work - is it fast, is there a limit, are there any fees?  What kind of bathrooms are there, and how many people have to share one bathroom? Are there usually wait times to access them? Are the showers in single - occupant bathrooms?  Is there any furniture that we have to bring ourselves and is not provided? Like beds, desks, chairs, etc.?  Are there any free alternatives for doing your laundry? The prices seem a little high, IMO.   Does it get uncomfortably hot/cold in the residence, and is there air conditioning?  Are there any safes to keep your important stuff?  Is there much privacy?  Is there anything else important that I should know?  Thanks in advance for your answers. 
0.0 |  Opinions on Annesley Hall? I'm just wondering what you think of Annesley if you've lived there, and also if you wouldn't mind describing what day-to-day life is there like. Thanks for any responses in advance. 
0.0 |  Margaret Addison Triple Rooms? [deleted]
0.041 |  VIC 204 Info? I'm looking into VIC204 Canons and Canonicity - but I can't find anything beyond the vague course description. Has anyone taken the course? What kind of material is covered? Is it worthwhile?
0.0 |  Vic residences- Annesley Hall Hey, I had a few questions about the Annesley Hall residences like what the rooms are like, what the bathroom is like, etc.   Hey, I will be moving into Annesley Hall in the fall and I was just wondering what living there is like. Such as what the bathroom situation is and how the rooms are. 
0.0 |  Getting from one class to another I'm planning on taking Spanish at Victoria College from 1:10-2pm then AST101 at Convocation Hall from 2:10pm-3pm. I will also have Spanish at Victoria College from 1:10-2pm then AST101 Tutorial at Sidney Smith from 2:10-3pm. I was thinking about switching my AST101 Tutorial to Galbraith.  TLDR; will I be able to make it from Vic to CH, and Vic to SS or Vic to Galbraith on time? Is it alright to be 2-3 mins late to tutorials? 
0.031 |  please help me pick my first year seminars! hi there!  i'm having a lot of trouble picking 2 first year seminars. i'm planning on taking one in the fall, and one in the spring. i'm hoping to be an english major, and know that getting my breadth requirements for 1, 2, 3 will be pretty easy. however, 4 or 5 are tricky so i want one of the seminars i take this year to fill 4 or 5.  the issue is that i'm having trouble picking which [PMU199](http://www.artsci.utoronto.ca/current/course/fyh-1/2017-18/pmu199h1) seminar to take. i'd love to hear any recommendations! what were your experiences with any PMU199 seminar, did you enjoy it, which professor taught it, etc etc. these are the ones that seem interesting to me: Great Astronomical Issues with Neilson, Video Game Design with Engels, and Life and Death in the Solar System with TBA. has anyone taken these before? has anyone had these professors before? what are they like? is the workload okay? i heard that some PMU199 seminars are hard compared to most seminars. is this true?  none of the LTE199 interest me whatsoever, but again, i'd love to hear any recommendations! does anyone highly recommend a particular [LTE199](http://www.artsci.utoronto.ca/current/course/fyh-1/2017-18/lte199h1) seminar?  and finally, i wanted to take How to Study Everyday Life with Kalmar as my second first year seminar, but it has priority for Vic students until August 4th. do you think there will still be spots open by then? i hear Kalmar is somewhat popular.
0.053 |  Questions about co-ed washrooms at Burwash Upper Hall (Victoria) Is it like a regular high school washroom washroom but just that there are both men and women in it?  Are the showers co-ed as well? Are they just like a pool's showers?  This may seem stupid but where do people brush their teeth if the washroom is like a high school washroom? In front of the sinks where everyone is washing their hands and stuff?   
0.0 |  Working at the dinning hall Saw a job listing for a student food service production at uoft and wondering if I should do for it. It says there will be various positions like servers, dishwashing ,event service, setup, cleaning, ect. At burwash dining hall in Victoria college. It pays 11.64 an hour is it worth it? Has anyone had experience working at a dinning hall and was it good or not
0.0 |  How long would it take to walk from Vic to Sidney Smith? Incoming first year currently scheduling courses. I have a class at vic, and immedietly after I have a tutorial at sidney smith. Can i make it in 10 minutes?  And what about vic to galbraith? I would have a tutorial after a class there too.
0.051 |  Advice for communal/community bathrooms I'm going to Victoria college and living in residence most likely in Margert Addison hall which was community bathrooms. I'm never experienced anything like this. Is there some advice for showering, going to the bathroom ect?
0.026 |  Aspiring Psych Student Hi! I am in incoming freshman and i really want to major/specialist in Psych. Is Psych100 hard?? Does anyone have any other course recommendations that I can take during first year which can help me out?  I am planning on taking PHL101, Vic One Frye Stream, and ENG100
0.016 |  How hard to be admitted to CS graduate school? Hello there,  I am a prospective student who want to pursue my master degree in U of T.   I finished my first two undergraduate years in China, with overall GPA 3.77/4.33. Then I transferred to University of Victoria, CS major.  Which GPA would U of T value the most? All of them or just the UVic part?  Is there any advice could facilite me to be admitted?  Thanks for your advice.
