0.087 |  Confused about Residence at the UTSG Campus So basically I got accepted to UTSG for cs at the Woodsworth campus.  I got an email saying the Residence Guarantee ends on March 31st. But I'm not 100% if I want to do Residence yet and I'm still waiting on a couple of other Universities.   Can I still get residence after the deadline, what are the odds of me getting it?   \+ is residence worth it? I live about an hour and a half away by GO Train so that's going to be annoying and I know CS is hell so that's like 3 hours of my life gone every day on transit.    Any advice is much appreciated.
0.071 |  The StarRez Application: Woodsworth vs. University College Currently, I'm stuck on whether to choose Woodsworth or University residence as my first preference on the StarREz application. Ik I definitely don't want to apply to Chesnut. I heard that University College has a lot of really nice single rooms, but I don't want to have a double room, and I don't see anywhere on the StarRez application where I can say I would prefer a single room. Are first years guaranteed to be in a single room, or is it random? Are you randomly allocated to a residence building (Whitney, Sir Dan, Morrison)? Another concern is all-gender bathrooms... it makes me feel a bit iffy having to share bathrooms with the other gender. Woodsworth seems great, but I heard it can be a hit or miss if you get really bad suitemates. Currently leaning more toward Woodsworth, but I'm just worried about the suitemates. Any opinions? I'm also going to be studying Life Sciences, so I was wondering which college would be best location-wise.
0.027 |  Woodsworth awards gala - what to expect I was awarded a scholarship and it’s going to be my first time attending woodsworth’s awards gala in-person. do I need to prepare a mini thank you speech when I receive my award? Lol   it’s tmrw and I’m a lil nervous, could anyone share their experience thx😄
0.0 |  Anyone going to the Woodsworth Awards Reception tomorrow? Going solo and don’t know anybody else invited. Would love to meet up with anyone else going beforehand!
0.0 |  Woodsworth Orientation 2023 [removed]
0.0 |  WW ORIENTATION 2023 IS HIRING [removed]
0.027 |  Woodsworth college in the summer? Are you allowed guest? I’m thinking of living in woodsworth college this summer. The only thing I’m a bit hesitant of is am I allowed to have overnight guest? Like if I wanted my friends to visit me on the weekends and stay overnight would I be allowed to do that? If not what res would I be allowed to do that at?
0.078 |  COLLEGE TRANSFER!! ADVICE NEEDED! want to transfer to woodsworth college bc i am broke and i would save $1000 in tuition feed if i did   they said transfers are not usually approved after 2nd year unless there are “special circumstances”   somebody please help me out ;(( what can i say for why i want to transfer??
0.043 |  Residence- chestnut and woodsworth Hi guys,  Ive been asking so many questions here and you all are honestly so helpful, so many of my doubts have been cleared so thank you all so much!  So I have to choose my residences in order of preference and I am confused between chestnut and woodsworth.   Chestnut has a meal plan and much better amenities, and my dad doesn't mind the fees. Plus (I think) I get a single room in the second year, with my own washroom. I have to have a double room the first year though.   In woodsworth Ill get my own room but in a suite, with no meal plan and 4-6 other people.   I think my main question is whether I can apply for a single room in chestnut in my second year after living my first year in woodsworth, so I have my own room both times. Will my living in chestnut the first year give me preference for living there in the second year?  Thank you guys so much!
0.099 |  What do you think about the survivability of UofT CS? Hey everyone! I'm considering committing to UTSG CS in Trinity College, but as someone who lives in the US, I know it'll be a big change. (Also I want to switch to Woodsworth lol the dorms look so nice, not totally sure how but I might ask them)  I see a lot of anger on this sub, mostly about how much UofT sucks. From my research, it seems to be a mix of hard curriculum and bad faculty, but can anyone comment on their general experiences in CS, specifically on the helpfulness of the faculty and your freshman year experiences? Social life would be nice too, but I'm mostly concerned about the academic aspect. I want to visit UofT soon to vibe check it myself, but it's far so it'll be a while.   Thanks in advance!
0.0 |  tips and advice for academic bridging at woodsworth college Any advice or ideas, opinions about the program helps
0.045 |  Residences and Colleges, what is the difference Hi guys, international student here.   I just got my admission letter from UofT today, and got a membership in Woodsworth College.   I was under the impression that the college you get admission to decides your residence, is that not true?   Because while filling out the residence form I don't see any rules, and it seems like I can just apply anywhere.   I'm super confused because if it doesn't decide where I stay what exactly does it decide? and also can someone tell me if woodsworth is a good residence? I am hoping to do Economics and Mathematics, so where would my courses be (roughly)?   Also, how is the social life at UofT? Is it only rigorous in the beginning and do first years have time for a social life?
0.012 |  interested in applying to academic bridging at woodsworth college Hey guys whatever advice you have for  for successful completion of the bridging pathway program and admission into the faculty of arts and science/life sciences category would be useful.   Is the program worth doing? I want to get into the psych program eventually and continue from there. Will this program allow me to pursue that goal of study psychology at uoft?  I'm missing the prerequisites for Psychology currently and have been suggested to do MCV4U (cal and vec) and SBI4U (bio) for prerequisites for psych and have also been suggested to upgrade ti grade 11 uni level math and chem for successful completion of the bridging program.  Is completion of grade 11 math and chem needed for completion of the pathway program or would enough time and discipline with studying be enough to get me through it.  Should i start prerequisite courses for psych now or after completion of the bridging program?  Any other advice would be greatly appreciated.
0.0 |  St. Michael + Woodsworth Residence Don Applications i applied to 23/24 Residence Don positions at St. Michael and Woodsworth colleges, but I still haven't heard back from them at all. If anyone has moved to the second round of the hiring process at SMC / Woodsworth Don hiring, can you lmk when did you hear back and when the interview will take place?
0.0 |  New College vs Woodworth College Hii! I'm an Ontario gr12 applying to uoft faculty of arts and science and I'd like to live on campus 1st year.   I was wandering which college, New or Woodsworth, is better overall in terms of:   - the residence dorms  - food/ meal plans  - distance from campus  - events - community   Any insight into pros/cons and experiences for each college would be amazing!
0.0 |  Anyone want to give us a tour of their residence? My friend and I currently live on campus and we want to see what every UofT residence looks like! If you live at any of the following residences and would like to show us (two girls) around, we’d really appreciate it :)  In exchange, we’ll give you your choice of: (1) homemade cookies (no weed) (2) a pink preroll (rolled by us) (3) five hits of a sakura grape elfbar (4) two new friends :D  – Chestnut – Chelsea – St. Hilda’s – Trinity – Woodsworth – New – Victoria (any) – UC (any) – St. Mike’s (any) – Innis  BONUS: Campus One, Tartu
0.0 |  Which UOFT college is best to raise my admission chances? Hi,  I'm applying to Rotmans and would like to know which of the 7 colleges is easiest to get into? I'm looking to increase my admission chances as much as possible.  The colleges are Innis, St. Micheals, University, Victoria, New College, Trinity &amp; Woodsworth.  thanks
0.0 |  It's Woodsworth residence full? Hi, I'm applying for residence (this year will be my first if I get accepted) and my first option has always been Woodsworth but the StarRez page did not show this residence as an option. Why is that?
0.047 |  University College (UC) vs Woodsworth College Hi! I'm starting to think about residence and I'm stuck between UC and Woodsworth. I value a nice room but also I really would love to stay somewhere with a good social life. I've heard that because Woodsworth doesn't have a dining hall, you can get quite lonely and it's common to not get to know the people in your building. I've also heard Morrison at UC is quite nice but how do the two colleges compare overall when it comes to the quality of residence + social life?
0.01 |  Best colleges for transferring into UofT business/finance/economics programs? My family is moving to Canada and I’m a highschool graduate with meh grades. I would like to improve at a Canadian college and then transfer to a good university. What are the best colleges for UofT specifically?  Seneca has a bridge program but I don’t understand how it works, is it like you do 2-years at Seneca’s bridging program and then transfer to Woodsworth college? Is it guaranteed if you meet all requirements?  Would location matter like in America for college transfers  Thank you, any help is appreciated!
0.0 |  Which college dresses the best I can’t fit woodsworth in the poll but idc  [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/zedjda)
0.0 |  Choosing residences - How do meal plans work? Hey! I'm an incoming grade 12 applying to Arts and Science and I'm looking for advice about residence at UofT. I personally much prefer the Innis and Woodsworth apartment style but I also can't cook for shit. Am I able to use TBucks to buy food at college cafeterias (for convenience) or do I have to buy a college meal plan? My hope is to be able to cook food when I can while having the flexibility to go to a caf when I'm short on time. What are my options?  Thank you!
0.0 |  Woodsworth Red Party Non-UofT ticket Does anyone have a non-UofT ticket for the red party they’re willing to sell?
0.0 |  1. Is IB 37 enough for CS | 2. Do I have to live on the residence of my college 1. I’m an IB graduate with 35 + 2 extra points. Also got like 8-10 solid extracurriculars, but my HS transcripts are mostly in the B range. Y’all think I got a shot for CS?  2. I want to live in the woodsworth residence but I actually didn’t on my list of colleges to be considered for on OUAC. Since I only get 3, I chose those that were better scholarship wise. Can I still apply to live in woodsworth even though im not even considering it as a college?
0.06 |  My life as a Homeless student at U of T. -- a guide.  INTRO: I am not poor or broke or nothing. I just refuse to tolerate this shitty capitalist Toronto housing market. I’ve been living and studying rent free for the last 3 months since the last minute lease I was trying to get fell through. When classes started I figured I’d try and figure out how to live in robarts while I found housing, but since then it has become a lifestyle that is pretty satisfying tbh, and allows me to save a lot of money.     Sleeping: I sleep at Robarts commons, on the armchairs on the fifth floor (If you’ve been there at 3AM you’ve probably seen me sleeping in the front area with all the armchairs and the wierd desk chair things). You can gather the pillows from the common sitting area for elevated sleep experince. I keep a blanket in my backpack at all times. It keeps me warm against the cold in literal weather sense and metaphorically against the cold UofTears culture.    Clothing and cleanliness: I have a locker at the AC, which didn’t cost me anything because I found 2 day lockers and just slapped a lock on it. I keep my clothes in there, as well as a bar of soap, my toothbrush and toothpaste, deoderant, and a towel. I shower there every morning after my workout (its bulking season my dudes).     I wash my clothes at student residences, I just slip in with my laundry bag behind some clueless first years and just act natural. Usually I try to sneak into UC or Innis, but not New College, as they require a fob for the laundry room. I don’t go to woodsworth because they have coin operated that you have to pay for, not worth my toonie.    Leisure: Like a lot of u of t students, I don’t have much of a social life. I have a couple of friends who I’ll study with sometimes, and occasionally I crash at their places (if we’ve been drinking or smthn). For fun, I practice piano in Hart House, feed the squirrels in the UC quad, and scroll through reddit.    Mental Health: Parts of this lifestyle is kinda depressing, and U of T is pretty stressful as is. Not gunna lie, I spend some time crying, and try to cope through watching anime. Schools meant to be stressful i guess, and I figure there’s only a year and a half left in my schooling, I can hold out till then. I try to cope with my depression by going on regular walks through Queens park and Scholar’s walk. It really helps.    Family: My parents don’t really know about this, and tbh, they don’t ask, I just told them that I rent a place off of Bloor for cheap. What they don’t know wont hurt them. I think my older brother suspects that something isn’t quite right: I had to be really cagey last time he passed through the city, told him my place was being deep cleaned for roaches. But I don’t think he’ll tell them, he’s pretty busy, and not a nosy dude in general.    Food: Because I’m spending money on rent, I can actually afford good healthy food. This helps me stay healthy, (probably healthier than you reading this). I snack on PB&amp;J and baby carrots since bread and peanut butter don’t need to be refrigerated (I buy a new bag of baby carrots almost every day). I know a first year at New who occasionally lets me use his meal plan. I also eat out regularly since I can now afford it since I don’t pay rent. 40$ hot pot every sunday? Hell ya — I could pretty much do it every day with my savings!   Conclusion: I recognize that this probably isn’t the life for everyone, but it’s worked really well for me thus far. I’m not at university to live out some type of “college experience”, I’m just here to get my degree and hopefully a good paying job when I graduate. I’m going to graduate debt free, and I’ll have enough savings stashed away to almost put a down payment on a house (I’m hoping prices crash before I graduate). I hope this guide helps anyone who like me, are just tryna get through university as fast as possible, and move on to better things, without struggling with this overpriced city’s rental market.
0.039 |  Which St. George college? I'm a high school student currently trying to apply for CS at the St. George campus and I'm not so sure which college to choose. Could someone give me the pros and cons of each one? Currently, I have Innis, Woodsworth, and University College in that order. Would appreciate it if someone could help me.
0.0 |  Residence in Woodsworth Hey guys!  I was recently admitted into Woodsworth College but before I committed to U of T, I wanted to get a better idea of where I would be living.  If you live in Woodsworth, what is living in the housing like and do you enjoy living there?
0.024 |  Will I be considered for Wordsworth residence? I was just admitted to Woodsworth arts and sciences. I didn't put Woodsworth as my first choice on my app, so my residence application says:  " Our records indicate that you did not choose Woodsworth College as your first choice college on your OUAC application.   This means that you will be placed in Chestnut Residence (very likely) or University College Residence (less likely)."  Is there any way I will be placed in Wordsworth residence? I hear those are the nicest dorms, and chestnut kind of sucks as a freshman?   Also has anyone been in either of these residences? are they any good?
0.0 |  St. George Campus, looking for help on which college to rank 1st 2nd and 3rd for a computer science undergrad degree Innis College, St Micheal's College, University College, Victoria College, New College, Woodsworth College.  :)
0.087 |  For Rotman Commerce, which college is the best to put as first choice? Out of innis, St michaels, university, Victoria, New, Trinity and Woodsworth, could someone give me a comprehensive rankings list from best to worst?
0.031 |  Which college is the best for me? So I applied to UofT to do my undergraduate in life sciences starting in fall 2020 at St. George, but I'm not sure if the colleges I ranked are good. I get that the college choice doesn't matter that much in terms of the classes you'll be taking, but I'm planning on living on campus, so I'm wondering which college has the best residence life for its price. Most of the posts I could find on this topic were from a few years ago, so apologies if I'm repeating what other people said.  I'm looking for something modern with very affordable pricing including meal plans. My current choices are 1. Victoria College, 2. University College, 3. St. Michael's College. I feel like I had to choose either Victoria or Trinity for no. 1 since they are deemed the best, without thinking much about the cost. I also regret the fact that I didn't choose either New College or Woodsworth since they are both more modern than the other options.  Are my choices good for what I'm looking for? Or should I change them before it's too late (hopefully without additional cost on OUAC). Thanks!
0.015 |  Question about switching colleges when applying. So I have applied for a program at u of t sg and when picking the colleges I picked trinity for the first choice because people were telling me how it is more prestigious and stuff (Idk if it's true). But now I feel like i want to switch to Woodsworth college. Is there any way I can switch it or will I have to stick with trinity?
0.0 |  Nicest academic advisor at woodsworth? [deleted]
0.026 |  Residency Help Hi guys, I am currently applying to Rotman Commerce. However, I'm not sure what the best residency colleges are. I've heard that Woodsworth college was the best one. But does anyone have any other suggestions for the best residency colleges to pick?  Thanks.
0.025 |  Unpopular Opinion: The College System I’ve been thinking recently about how the college system is one of their main ways establishing communities among students at UofT, since the school is so large.   However, that got me thinking, do issuing students into a college deflect the community that can exist at other schools? For example, my friend at Western University feels able/free to go to any residence, dining hall, and student building without thinking. On the other hand, at UofT, I have noticed many (myself included) students who are/make themselves restricted to their college in terms of friends, food, and places to study/relax at. Even subconsciously, I feel like I *have* to resort to my own specific college to hang out after class, even though I theoretically could go wherever (I don’t live on campus for reference).  For example, as a member of Trinity College, I feel as if I not welcomed to go to the Goldring Student Centre at Vic because I “don’t belong there.” (I bet you reading the fact I go to Trinity might have put a thought in your brain that I could be an “elitist, salty and a dickhead” person even though I try to never replicate those characteristics in my actual life.)  I in fact really appreciate Victoria College, and think their facilities/approach to many things are better than my own college - even UC, New, St. Mikes, WW and (of course) Innis do certain things right BUT because I am not part of them, I feel as if I can never, or will ever, be able to use these “school-wide” facilities.  I am not saying colleges are a bad idea, I am just wishing students should be taught about ALL the different places around campus among every colleges and school building and be given more access as both an on-res, near-res and off campus student.
0.121 |  candles in woodsworth res?? has anyone ever lit a candle in woodsworth res and not set off the fire alarm/been cussed out lol. i have a candle i want to light in my room but i dont want to be charged a crazy amount for setting the alarm off.   for context, our smoke detector is outside of my room and down the hall a little. i have three sprinklers but theyre all near the door and id light the candle on the opposite side of the room.  also no one rat me out to the porters or dons i s2g. whats the play here could i pull this off
0.0 |  Woodsworth registrar, anyone have experience? Trying to meet with an academic advisor to discuss petitioning for accommodation due to special circumstances. Can I ask for someone particular? If so, recommendations? Thanks.
0.083 |  Screaming on St.George/Bloor (by Woodsworth res) this morning Did anyone else hear someone screaming on St.George/Bloor this morning around 6-8? It was loud enough to wake me up but I didn’t check it out. Just curious what it might’ve been
0.053 |  Innis vs Woodsworth for undergrad Rotman Commerce? Hi! I'm in grade 12 and applying to UofT's Rotman program. I've been doing some research about the different residences and I have narrowed it down to either Innis or Woodsworth as my number one choice because of their apartment suite.   I've heard that Woodsworth is good for Rotman students because of the location and its affiliation with commerce, so I was wondering if that is really true. I love its modern design and how close the res building is to the Metro, Galleria and Bloor st. At the same time, Innis is super cute &amp; small and close to Robarts which I like. Innis also seems to have more community resources? like cafes, the theatre, common areas, gym, etc, as well as more scholarships (?).   I know that you have to list Innis as number 1 on your application in order to get in...... I'm really torn between the two residences, so I have a few questions if any of you guys could help out:    * is the wifi/ethernet situation at Woodsworth a problem?  * is it difficult to get into Innis? (I had a 94 average in grade 11 and I think I have a 96 average for grade 12 midterms. I'm also in the IB program, but idk if that helps. I lead MUN club at school, volunteer at the library &amp; senior centre, and participate in DECA, concert band, dance, etc)  * would it be better for me to be at Woodsworth because I'll be a Rotman student? was anyone on this reddit a Rotman student with Woodsworth res during first year? how was the experience?  * how are the scholarships and automatic 2nd year gpa grants at Innis and Woodsworth?  * has anyone had trouble with having no meal plan and cooking for yourself? (I do like cooking my own meals at home so I don't think this is a huge issue)  * what is it like to share the apartment suite with 3-5 other people? have you ever dealt with bad flatmates like dirty dishes, loud noises, schedules, etc?  * how strict are Innis and Woodsworth about guests (both during the day and overnight?)   Thanks guys!
0.0 |  To the dude with the keychains in WW MLC on Thursday... How you doinn
0.0 |  Graduation Ceremony 2019 Nov 7 extra ticket Hi guys:  Does anyone willing to sell the convocation ticket on Nov 7th, 2019 for Woodsworth student? I just need one more ticket for my family.  Thank you very much!
0.054 |  Comparison between Innis, Woodsworth and New College? I'm still in grade 12 but my application says I need to rank the colleges I want to attend? I'm planning to go into something STEM or comp.sci. related at UofT so I was just wondering which college is the most suitable for potential STEM students regarding the cultural atmosphere. I'm also not a big fan of super competitive environments, and I'm trying to avoid that. I was also wondering about the differences between the dorms and nearby facilities and places?
0.024 |  Residence Choice for First Year (English Major) Hey everybody, so I'm currently a grade 12 student and I'm just starting to look into applications and such, I'm currently filling out the form for U of T and I'm asked to rank the colleges from most to least interested in. I'm planning to go into Humanities (English major) and I've heard that Vic would be the best choice, but I've looked into Woodsworth's residences and they look so much cleaner and modern than most colleges so I'm really torn between the two. And I know this might sound picky but I grew up having my own bedroom and can't imagine having a roommate, so which college you reckon would have the highest chance of offering a single room for a first year like me?  (I've also heard that you'll need to fill in an additional application for Vic, can anyone confirm this?)  And if you have any more helpful suggestions please inform me about them, I'd be super grateful for anything (little tips/secrets) that might help guide me through uni next year!! :D
0.0 |  When calling the registrar’s office feels just like calling IKEA’s customer service.... (Woodsworth) 
0.0 |  College Recommendations Hello U of T students!  I'm an American looking to attend the University of Toronto next year and I'm in need of college recommendations and/or advice.    Right now, my top choice is Innis because I would prefer to have an apartment style residency with a single room (I would like my own space since I will be living abroad for 4-5 months at a time).  I have also been looking at Woodsworth, Chestnut, New, and University.   I know some of the colleges have different specialties when it comes to hobbies and interests so if it helps at all, I'll provide some background on me.  I'm pretty introverted and want to focus a lot of my studies (if I'm admitted I'll double major in political science and environmental studies).  I would like to join a recreational lacrosse team and orchestra as well.  Any advice or suggestions you have for residences would be fantastic!  I've done a lot of research trying to find the best housing option but I figured this subreddit would be a great place for advice since there are a lot of students that have lived in these colleges here.  U of T is my dream school so I greatly appreciate the help!  Thanks :)
0.097 |  I didn't get my utaps yet Did anyone else not get utaps?? I'm in woodsworth college so I'm not sure if that makes a difference.
0.0 |  Trinity vs New vs Woodsworth Trying to rank my colleges. How do they compare in terms of social life, food, how nice the residence is, and distance to life sci buildings? Thanks my dudes
0.0 |  Ontario First Generation Bursary Has anyone applied for this? I know there is a form to fill out but is it the entirety of the form? The first 2 pages are for the undergraduate grants so do I still need fill out the budget outline even though I am only interested in the first generation bursary? I know that I should probably go ask my registrar for this but I don't have the time rn so if anyone has successfully applied to this, any advice/help is appreciated. I'm part of woodsworth college too if that makes any difference.
0.0 |  Innis vs Woodsworth Prospective student here. I have a quick question about innis and woodsworth. What are some major differences between the two colleges in terms of residence? Rooms, facilities, general stuff??  And is it practical to get a meal plan somewhere else on campus since both are apartment-style?  Appreciate the help!!
0.0 |  what are popular / good places to study near woodsworth? 1st year student and very unfamiliar, pls help me out :)
0.0 |  Woodsworth Workshop for Non-UofT Students [deleted]
0.135 |  Woodsworth Switch Room Hi. I wanna ask if anyone wanna switch room with me? I'm on the 2nd floor so no wait for the elevator. My room is at the end of the hall so super quiet. I just really need a room with better view because I get stressed out with my room rn. Like idk some ppl like it but it makes me feel so oppressed... I don't care about the noise or waiting for elevator, Etc. I am a girl living in an all girl suite. If there's anyone I would appreciate you so much, like seriously.
0.0 |  Woodsworth College Switch Room .
0.055 |  Orientation Week I'm an incoming freshman and I was looking at the o-week events and they seem pretty sparse. The orientation calendar has basically no social events and the $160 woodsworth orientation doesn't seem like it's worth the money. Do people mostly try to go to the frat parties? Just trying to get a feel for how people plan to go to events and meet new people in the first week.
0.0 |  Woodsworth floor numbering I’m in woodsworth college and curious about the floor numbering. I’m on floor 1000 and wonder if it’s floor 1 or 10?  Also will setting up a router in my room be complicated?
0.023 |  Wifi Router Suggestions I'm living on the 12th floor at woodsworth this year and will need a wifi router. I looked a bit on amazon and they seem a little expensive to me (but idk I've never really bought one before). Does anyone have any suggestions on where I should buy one/which model I should get? I'll talk with my roommates and we'll probably split the cost for one.
0.038 |  Question about Woodsworth residence So I just received an email about my room assignment tday and I got room 2xx. Does anyone know if that's on second floor because if it does then that sucks. I really wanted a high floor one (wanting the sky view) since the building has 17 floors. Is there anyway that you can change it to a higher floor?
0.105 |  Missed residence (Woodsworth College) fee deadline I didn’t realize that I needed to pay an additional amount before school started (I paid the original 600$ deposit). I now can’t access my MyRes account. I sent the additional money now but I’m scared I’m gonna be permanently kicked out. What do I do? Will I need to find an apartment to live in?
0.104 |  Do the fees listed for Woodsworth res include meal plan or nah [deleted]
0.0 |  Rlg204 ggr107 woodsworth ones and phs100 Send your reviews of these courses plz in terms of testing, textbooks, profs etc.   THANK YUUUU!!!!!!!!
0.025 |  UTM Mature Student Bridging pathways vs UofT At George Woodsworth Mature pathway So I have been admitted to Part time Academic bridging pathway at UTM I had barriers to enter formal/undergrad education because I am an immigrant and there were certain requirements which I couldn't fulfill.  Anyhow so my Question is   Is this a sound option because I am pretty broke and already work part time so paying of that part time OSAP loan is also a factor   The deadline for Bridging program at St George Woodsworth college is still open I was considering it because it's a full time program but the courses are 3 full credit While at UTM I have option to take one half credit this fall then two half credit in next semester which seems very easy.  After clearing these courses I will be admitted to A B.A degree if score 72% on an average.  My End Goal is Doing a Degree in Cognitive computational science which is only at University College Schools of arts and sciences at St George.   But since I am desperate and loosing lots of time I am considering the UTM option too because maybe if I get admitted to a B.A program there then if I am able to somehow later transfer into Cognitive Sciences downtown   Please feel free to give your input I have to apply for OSAP etc very soon  And the deadline for woodsworth college is 29th July so....
0.02 |  Share Your UofT Tips Here! Spread the Knowledge on what UofT offers it's Students EDIT: I'm gonna update this post as much as I can and submit a final list to the mods so that they can hopefully pin it to the top of this sub. Keep posting your tips!  EDIT 2: I love the fact that people are coming up with so much stuff. But let's keep this on topic please. While the discounts at various stores online or otherwise are definitely amazing, this post was meant to list the things the UNIVERSITY offers to us for free(or what we're already paying for!)  For example, in a [recent post](https://www.reddit.com/r/UofT/comments/cgrgvr/i_understand_if_you_want_to_opt_out_of_some/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) in this community, a lot of us got to know that SEC offers free sex-related resources and supplies like condoms, lubricant etc.  Another example: I(an incoming first year engineering student) was talking to an upper-year student about buying a printer. Only then I got to know that engineers can print upto 1000 pages per year for free at the Sandford Fleming building.  It turns out that all the resources that we pay for aren't properly advertised by UofT and this is leading to most of us opting out of most of the incidental fees.  Everyone please try to share ANYTHING that you feel can be useful to another student. It could be a lesser known resource that the university offers (like SEC resources) that we've already paid for, or even just a small piece of advice which could potentially save us time/money/energy/headaches.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit(s): Some more tips:  * Get a 3% cashback on your tuition fee if you use PayTM. * You can stream media free of cost here: [https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand](https://mediacommons.library.utoronto.ca/criterion-demand). It has tons of movies and TV shows * You are also entitled to a free Microsoft Office subscription as a UofT Student * **FREE FOOD:**    * ***Muffin Madness*** Where: Multi-Faith Center, 569 Spadina Avenue When: [Wednesdays at 4pm](https://www.studentlife.utoronto.ca/mf/muffin-madness)    * ***Tea Social*** Where: Hart House Reading Room When: [Tuesdays, 11-1](http://harthouse.ca/events/tea-social-2-2015-09-29/)    * ***UC Tea and Cookies*** Where: Commuter Student Centre When: [Monday-Thursday, 2:30-3:30](http://thevarsity.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/2013-Student-Handbook.pdf)    * ***Pancake Brunch i*** Where: UC Commuter Student Centre When: [Thursday, October 22nd, 11-1](https://www.facebook.com/events/1493523900943717/)    * ***Pancake Brunch ii*** Where: Cat’s Eye Student Pub and Lounge, Victoria College When: [Wednesdays, 10-2](https://www.facebook.com/voca.commuter)    * ***Pancake Brunch iii*** When: Woodsworth College Where: [Wednesdays, Kruger Hall, 12-2](https://www.facebook.com/events/1081562328521148/) * You are able to access free courses as a UofT student on Lynda and here: [https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto](https://www.classcentral.com/university/utoronto) * Writing Centres at UofT can help you turn drafts into masterpieces. * UTSU's tax clinic can help you with your tax paperwork if you are earning less than 40K per year. All you have to do is book an appointment online. The Center for International Experience also helps UofT international students(undergrad AND postgrad) with tax-related work. * [Spotify membership at $5/month](https://www.spotify.com/ca/student/) * Apple Music membership at $5/month * Get an [SPC Card](https://spccard.ca/deals) and an [ISIC Card](https://www.isic.org/discounts/) to avail a ton of discounts on almost everything. * You can find almost all of your textbooks for free on [Library Genesis](https://libgen.is/) * Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Visual Studio Enterprise, Windows 10 Education, Adobe CC, Norton AntiVirus through OnHub. * GitHub student pack * Students who are enrolled in a CS-related course get free prints at Bahen (300 pages per semester with carryover for a max of 600) and a free student license for Jetbrain IDE's. * Free access to [Naxos music library](https://login.library.utoronto.ca/index.php?url=http://utoronto.naxosmusiclibrary.com/homepage.asp) for people who like classical music * The university health insurance plan also fully covers one checkup per year. * Engineers get free 3D printing and laser cutting at Myhal * Copies of past exams from several departments can be accessed through the various links on [this page](https://onesearch.library.utoronto.ca/faq/where-can-i-find-old-exams). * Free use of an HTC vibe and other VR headsets as well as low cost 3D printing at the MAD lab in Gerstein. * The Grad Room offers some excellent professional development workshops for graduate students, and has a nice lounge space.
0.0 |  How far is Chestnut residence from Woodsworth College? [deleted]
0.0 |  To the girl who waved at me at around 11:45am today (July 4th) near Woodsworth College Residence, [deleted]
0.0 |  Woodsworth Res Overbooking Did anyone get an email from the Woodsworth Residence, I got an offer late may is that late?
0.0 |  Woodsworth Dorm Overbook Email Did anyone get the Woodsworth Dorm overbook email?
0.068 |  Guaranteed residence offer Hey guys.... So I’ve been waiting for like a month to get my residence stuff cleared. However, I emailed once again today to the residence office and they said that all offers have been sent but since I have a first year res guarantee, I would be offered a room from any other on campus places in late June or July. So does this “guarantee” stuff really means I’m good with it? (Ps: I am in woodsworth college and I also rank its res as my top 1 but :(      Anyhow, I have also started to search for off campus housing as a backup right now.  Their email responses are quite vague so I’m not even sure if I could get a on campus any more :( like chestnut residence. So i wanna know that do any of you guys also faced this sort of situation in the past or now , and how is off campus housing .... Thank u
0.051 |  haven’t received a res offer yet Am I the only one who hasn’t received a residence offer yet? I applied to woodsworth, and I have first year housing guarantee, but I still have not received an offer of res yet. I’m getting a bit stressed since I know many other people who have received an offer already :((
0.0 |  Pianos at UTSG I play the piano as a hobby. Are there any pianos near Woodsworth College I can practice on?
0.085 |  I still have not gotten an offer for residence This is absolutely ridiculous. On my letter of acceptance it stated that I was admitted to UofT at Woodsworth College. However, I recently discovered that I am ineligible to receive an offer from Woodsworth just because I did not rank Woodsworth first in my list of colleges on my OUAC application. I find this absolutely unacceptable. For the past 4 months i have been thinking that I will be having my residence at Woodsworth, but apparently not for one stupid reason. Now I'm worried that I wont be getting a residence offer from any college AT ALL. As a freshman this terrifies me. Can anyone help me out?  It would be great if I can still have my residence at Woodsworth.
0.0 |  Graduating undergrad with math. Got this email about a separate math graduation ceremony, but I’m already going to woodsworth grad. What is this “gift” they mention?? Should I go? 
0.0 |  I have Convocation Tickets for June 12th, 2:30pm (Woodsworth) PM for details.
0.0 |  Selling Convocation Tickets for July 12th, 2:30pm (Woodsworth) [deleted]
0.0 |  St George Exchange residence I am coming on an exchange to St George for the academic year of 19/20. I am looking for an accommodation near the department of Computer science in St George. The following are the residences I am looking at:  &amp;#x200B;  University College Residence  New College Residence  Innis Residence  Woodsworth College Residence  Victoria University Residence  Chestnut Residence   St. Michael's College Residence  Trinity College Residence  &amp;#x200B;  Please help to rank these colleges in terms of distance to CS department and quality of stay.  Thank you
0.032 |  Colleges Question I am an incoming first-year life science student admitted to St.Michael's College who will be commuting. I would like to change colleges because I have medical issues and would like to have access to a registrar's office that is close to my classes. Also, I have heard that the registrar's office at St. Michael's is awful. Which colleges would you say have the best registrars and would be the easiest to transfer to? I am thinking mostly about University, New or Woodsworth.
0.025 |  Woodsworth + &amp; - Hey everyone,  What would you say are the pros and cons about the Woodsworth residence? Also, if you're in Woodsworth, how much do I need to write for the application questions? Currently doing IB exams so I don't want to take too much time for those questions. How important are they?  Thanks
0.0 |  Can I get college residence this fall? I am currently living in woodsworth res for the second year but I was late for my returning application so I didn't complete it. I love woodsworth and all the amenities and the fact that I can walk to all my classes. I was wondering if I could apply to other college residences? And what are my other best alternatives ?  Thanks
0.0 |  Residence offers Hey i’m an incoming freshman and im just wondering whether any incoming freshman have alr received residence offers? esp for woodsworth!!
0.043 |  Victoria College Residence I was just wondering why do they ask for a deposit upfront when you apply for their residence? Do they secure you a spot when you pay the deposit? I was just accepted into UofT and I missed the residence guarantee deadline so I'm just submitting my applications for the waitlist now. I also applied to New, University, Chestnut and Woodsworth. What are my chances of getting a spot?  Thanks for your time.
0.027 |  How and when will I know which residence I am in? Should I live off campus? I got accepted into woodsworth even though it was my second option.  I still ranked it first for my residence as I don't want to go to Chestnut as everyone has claimed its expensive and far and the suite style seemed better.  (I have no issue cooking / not following a meal plan)  I didn't get any confirmation email of which residence I am in, does that usually take time? It's been a week since I accepted my offer.   If I do get chestnut residence, should I just live off campus? Does anyone with experience feel it made your first year harder or better? 
0.0 |  Residence Advice I've never been to Toronto, but I just got accepted  into the honours bachelor of arts program *hold your applause. Because I'm a transfer student, I'm not guaranteed a place in on-campus housing. I'm just looking for advice on which residence halls are best (in terms of convenience, quality, etc.) I think I'd probably prefer the apartment style housing over dorm style. Is the meal plan worth it? I'm a member of Woodsworth College. Is it better to apply for residency in your college? Thanks in advance. P.S. MyRes app is down, no?
0.03 |  No entrance bursaries? Hi I applied to Rotman Commerce for the fall 2018-2019 year and got in today. Although it isnt my first choice, I would like to know the scholarships/entrance bursary amount i would be getting. On my letter of admittance it did not include anything so am i safe to assume i will not be getting any scholarships? I applied for Woodsworth with a 95-96 average
0.0 |  What is the best 2019 Summer res option if I want a solo room on St. George campus? Self explanatory, I was thinking Innis or Woodsworth but I do not know if I want to share a place with 3 other roommates.
0.042 |  Appeal to transfer colleges Got a Woodsworth membership with my offer. Got rejected from Woodsworth res because I didn't rank them first on OUAC. Only other option (aside from Chestnut) is University, which only has 40 spots that's going to be filled at random out of 156 Woodsworth students in JUNE. Admissions said my best shot is filing an appeal to switch to University membership. Anyone got any advice on this appeal process?
0.048 |  Potential Student I've been accepted and I'm just trying to get an idea about how life at uoft is. The website covers the boilerplate stuff, but i get the feeling y'all are the only ones who can actually answer these questions:  * Is there a solid social scene (parties, campus events, etc)? * Is the city an affordable place to live as a student (like food and transport, not housing)? * Is the city's public transport enough to actually get around enough, or are you basically stuck to campus unless you want to make a trek? * Is the workload as bad as they say? Does that workload interfere with your social life consistently? * If yes to the above, then do you think the material you are learning merits that workload, or is it all just busy work? * Generally, would you say you're bored at UofT or do you feel like your academics interest you and the social scene is satisfying?  &amp;#x200B;  EDIT: I've been admitted to the St. George Campus, Woodsworth College
0.0 |  Woodsworth Wifi It says on the Woodsworth College website that the residence doesn’t have its own wifi but the U of T wifi network is  used by many.  Is the U of T wifi accessible from Woodsworth rooms and is it good?
0.0 |  Scholarships If scholarships dont show up on joinid or in our admission letter, does that mean we didn't get one? Just got into St.George Life Sciences and Woodsworth.
0.075 |  @UofT Services --- Salt and clean the sidewalks on St. George Street Can someone at UofT send someone to clean up and remove the snow and ice from the sidewalks on St George!!   There is a  solid sheet of ice and 1 or 2 cm of snow above it and students and falling all the time and one of them is going to crack their heads open. Especially bad in front of Rotman and Woodsworth ....   These students pay a lot of money to go to this uni, they should be kept safe from hard on UofT property..    
0.0 |  switching colleges ? hi there - im a grade 12 recently admitted to uoft ! for my college i got accepted to trinity, but i was wondering if there was anyway (through ouac or uoft?) that i could switch colleges. i can't afford a meal plan and am hoping to switch to woodsworth or innis lmao
0.012 |  How hard is it to get into Woodsworth? I didn't rank it first on my OUAC app but I got into the Woodsworth program. The dorms are rly nice and I want to live there but the MyRes app says that "  **Because you did not rank Woodsworth first on your OUAC application, it is not likely you will receive a residence offer there. It is strongly recommended that you reconsider your selections and change your residence rankings"**  &amp;#x200B;  Is there anyone who didn't rank it first and still got into Woodsworth? Thanks!
0.0 |  Just applied to Academic Bridging at Woodsworth Curious to know who has completed the program and what degree they are pursuing now. Did your degree path change after the bridging program or did you know exactly what you wanted to do? science or arts? 
0.056 |  I chose Woodsworth as my first choice. If I’m going to commute, is there still an application I need to submit? Title.   I’m pretty clueless regarding the colleges of U of T, so any help is appreciated.
0.022 |  Meal plan at Woodsworth? I applied to Rotman Commerce and ranked trinity as my first choice, and due to cost factors I chose to disregard the application process. Firstly, will this affect me if i have already decided not to go to Trinity?   My second question is the meal plan at woodsworth, from what I’ve read, there are kitchens included but are there meal plans at all?  Thanks.
0.0 |  How to live on residence in upper years? I’m going into second year in September and was wondering how do I increase my chances to get a residence offer? I’d prefer to live somewhere that’s an apartment style like woodsworth or innis but most places say they reserve most rooms for first years. I didn’t live in residence this year so I don’t really have people to recommend me or anything
0.031 |  UTAPS I'm a first year student so all this grant and osap stuff is a bit over my head. For the fall term I recieved my OSAP money, a grant from Woodsworth and UTAPS.   &amp;#x200B;  I didnt get much from UTAPS but it was still crucial to paying for my fall term. This term I only got OSAP which paid the school directly... I still have quite a bit of an outstanding balance since I didnt recieve the two other grants. Was I supposed to apply for them?   &amp;#x200B;  I thought UTAPS was automatically applied to through OSAP. And do colleges not give grants for both terms?  &amp;#x200B;  I can't even afford to buy my textbooks for this semester and I have an outstanding balance. I got quite a bit of money first semester which really helped so I'm not sure what's changed. 
0.051 |  Social life/party scene at colleges? Hey! I'm a grade 12 student applying to Rotman at U of T and I'm kinda agonizing over colleges right now. I'm going to be living on res and could use some advice, especially pertaining to social life and partying. I'm a work hard, play hard type so it's really important to me to have a good social community at my res. I'm considering Woodsworth as my top choice, and I'm just wondering what the party scene is like at the res. Is it true that Woodsworth is mostly mature/introverted students? Any and all help is appreciated!
0.025 |  Switching Colleges Hi, 2nd year student.  For financial reasons (incidental fees), I'd like to switch from Vic to Woodsworth. I know that Vic gives $1000 scholarships  if u have a high gpa but 4.5 credits, my gpa is under 2.  However, I did get a $3000 entrance scholarship from Victoria, would I have to pay that back?  Thx everyone!
0.055 |  Help with Woodsworth One? Hey everyone,  &amp;#x200B;  I'm interested in taking the Woodsworth One program Order and Disorder next year, but I'm just a bit confused as to how it would all work. Would the program only take up my first year for courses alongside whatever I decide to major in? Anyone in the program or who has taken the program that would be willing to help would be much appreciated.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks
0.0 |  What is the best college for a prospective Rotman student? Rank your opinions and feel free to provide additional info.  I'm personally trying to decide between Trinity, Woodsworth, or Victoria.  Thank you! :)
0.038 |  Need help choosing a college? Hey guys, I'm a Grade 12 student looking into coming to UofT, specifically the St. George campus. Right now, I'm filling in the application at OUAC and it's asking me to rank my college preferences. Can somebody give me a brief rundown of what each college is like? In terms of: the type of people you'd find at each one, proximity to certain buildings/faculties, food, residence life, cost, etc. I did go to one of the campus tours but that didn't really help me make a decision, since I didn't really get to learn anything distinct or specific about each one. Leaning towards Woodsworth for now because it's *so pretty* and it's apartment-style. Aside from the fact that it's right beside Rotman, I don't really know anything else about it.  &amp;#x200B;  PS. I'm applying for Life Sciences and I will be living on res, if that changes anything. Sorry if I'm asking too much - just super anxious here!  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks everyone :)
0.153 |  Anyone near woodsworth want protein powder? Got it two weeks ago, I used less than a dozen scoops, hated the taste, anyone wanna take the rest?
0.039 |  International applicant here (for CS), trying to make his college rankings Alright, I've read tens of college comparison posts here, and at last I'm considering putting New/UC 1/2 and Woodsworth 3 (I need a meal plan), but couldn't find much about which to put first between the two.  Might be useful to say I'm not really into partying, but it's concerning that people say New is mostly asians and that they mostly stick together
0.047 |  Lost TCard I lost my TCard last night (I'm pretty sure). I think it slipped out of my wallet outside the Woodsworth residence. If anyone finds one please bring it to the Woodsworth res front desk.  I need it for my midterm on Wednesday and I would get it replaced but I don't have my passport on me.  Thanks :)
0.089 |  Easiest college to get into? I'm a first year at UTSC studying Econ/Business and... It's ass. Res sucks, the building looks like a prison, boring environment..  I tried applying to UTSG when I was in grade 12 for Architecture and Life sciences with a low 80 average, and obviously I didn't get in...so I'm trying again this year but for Economics this time. I literally don't want to stay for another year at UTSC.  So does anyone know which college I should rank first, second, third .... to maximize my chances of doing a transfer?  Also, I prefer having a single room and I heard only Woodsworth, Innis and Victoria offer them.. which of the 3 is the easiest to get into?  and lastly, I heard I have to get a 3.7 cGPA to do a transfer... at what GPA would UTSG realistically not accept me for economics? I'm working hard right now but I just need a motivational number you know wht I mean.
0.0 |  Innis vs Woodsworth vs New College [removed]
0.045 |  Does anyone else feel ashamed because they don't have "hard" course loads? I know this is yet another sad rant post, but I'm hoping that this is a common uni sentiment. I'm in the humanities, but I'm also doing many life science courses because I want to do a double major in bioethics and health and disease. My current semester is as follows: PHL101, MAT135, BIO120, CHM136, and a half-credit course for Woodsworth One. I just feel like my schedule is so \*easy\* compared to the life scis or hardcore humanities kids, but yet I'm still so busy. Is this a normal, justified feeling or am I just being a typical loony first year?
0.0 |  Looking to meet up with someone who has completed the Academic Bridging program at Woodsworth College I just want to see the course material and possibly some completed work, if you don't mind. I'm near Kensington, but anywhere downtown is fine. Coffee's on me. :) 
0.0 |  University College graduating class composites Does anyone know where the University College graduating class composites are displayed? I saw that Woodsworth college displays all the graduating class composites in the hallway. Thank you!
0.219 |  Fire Alarm at Woodsworth College Residence Last night (October 4th) the fire alarm sounded a number of times at WDW - first time at 4am, then 6am, then intermittently for another 4 times. Does anyone know what happened?
0.0 |  How can I change my college? I'm in Victoria rn, would like to change to Woodsworth.
0.0 |  How to get accepted to res for Woodsworth as an upper year student? So apparently upper year students must receive an invitation to be able to simply apply to res. I was wondering what kind of stuff you have to do to receive an invitation and get accepted?
0.0 |  Do you have to take a course from your college? I’m a first year life sci student at Woodsworth College. I recently found there are courses starting with WDW (WDW101Y1, for example). I wonder if I need to take it as a Woodsworth student? Thank you in advance!! 
0.046 |  Switch colleges I want to switch from woodsworth to university but idk how. I commute and I dont need a dorm. I just find the crowd in university more fun.
0.0 |  Any pool/snooker fan around woodsworth? big fan here, down to pot some balls?
0.014 |  Transferring colleges as a second year? I was wondering if it would be possible for me to transfer from my college (st mikes) this year in any way? Im not picky about which college, I just want to leave st mikes. I know victoria college has a gpa requirement to transfer but I cant seem to find information on things like woodsworth or some other colleges. Should I email my own registrar or???   thanks!!
0.074 |  Orientation for exchange students I'm a 25-yo inbound exchange student at st. George.  Does it make sense to go to orientation (woodsworth), or will I stick out like a sore thumb?
0.07 |  What to expect from orientation i signed up for the woodsworth orientation. it seems like its more of an icebreaker and parade than an orientation guide. i mean i would love to talk and get to know people, but do others expect the same thing? at least for me, immediately having games and parading with strangers does not sound that ideal.   also, im a canadian (citizenship) asian thats lived abroad my whole life. do people tend to gather in groups by ethnics? im quite adaptive and easy going but im not so good with initial interactions with people.
0.016 |  Woodsworth Res Questions I'm a first year who got accepted into CompSci and I'm nervous about the types of people I can expect to meet in residence.   Woodsworth Frosh/Orientation Week  * Is it a friendly environment for introverted people?  * Were the events fun/weird?  * Did you make lots of long-term friends - ex. People you still talk to now? 	 Dorms  * How many people can I expect to be living with as a first-year? I know Woodsworth says between 4-6 people but can anyone share how many people they lived with in first-year?  * Do residents receive a lock/pass to access individual bedrooms in the dorm for privacy? 	 Cleanliness of Dorms   * One of my biggest issues right here! Personally I'm not a fan of sharing washrooms with other people and using public washrooms. This is one of the reasons why I ruled out 5 of the 7 colleges and made Woodsworth and Innis my top two picks. What has been your overall experience with sharing a washroom with your roommates?  * Does everyone get their own personal cabinet/space in the kitchen? Is the kitchen kept clean and neat? Is it a good idea to keep a mini-fridge in your bedroom?  If there's anything else worth discussing about the Residence in general please feel free to mention it! Thanks
0.048 |  What will happen if I don't get into my required courses? Hello all - another clueless first year here.     I initially got into UoFT for the bioethics program, which falls under the humanities. It was only after my offer of acceptance that I decided that I would settle on pursuing a double major in bioethics and health &amp; disease, both of which falling under different categories in the Arts &amp; Science faculty.  As a result of being enrolled in the humanities, I obviously did not get priority today for all my math/science courses - MAT135, CHM135/136, and BIO120/130 to be exact. Checking the UoFT course finder as of now, all of these courses are filling up at an alarming rate, or are close to being completely filled.  Of course, I can just add myself to the waiting lists of these courses come August 3, but I'm just considering the worst case scenario in which I never get into all/any of these courses and their respective tutorials/practicals - what then?  I should mention that I am doing the Woodsworth One program on top of all of this, and getting a less than preferable timeslot for any of these courses might pose a problem since some of the lectures for this program are full already, and each student has been assigned to their own respective lectures. This leaves me with a lot less wiggle room for timetable planning, as I've planned my timetable around my assigned lecture times.  Anyways, I hope I'm making sense right now.  Thanks in advance, by the way!
0.031 |  Why does St. Mike's charge so much more in incidental fees relative to other colleges? So my invoice includes approximately $150.48 worth of mandatory fees going to St. Mike's each semester. This includes  the SMC Campaign Fund, SMC General Fee, SMC Student Union, SMC Commuter Fee and The Mike newspaper. Meanwhile my friend who is registered under Woodsworth College is being charged only $7.50 each semester.   I barely even associate with St. Mike's other than going to the registrar on the rare occasion, yet it seems I'm paying about $286 more than my friends at other colleges who get essentially the same facilities. Is there anything I can do to avoid paying these random fees (other than switching colleges)? 
0.074 |  Life Sci FLC For an FLC I know that they enrol you into the same first-year courses as everyone else but is it possible to drop what they enrol you in &amp; choose other times bc the Woodsworth Life Sci time table isn’t great for commuting &amp; conflicts with other classes I want to take.   Also if you’ve done an FLC, how was your experience with it? Was it worth it?
0.118 |  Missed Woodsworth res application I didn't submit the woodsworth res application by june 1st. I started it when I got the email but never finished it. I thought I had everything submitted, but I just checked the MyRes thing on the U of T website and it said it's past deadline and I'm on the waitlist. Am I fucked for res now? I really wanted to live in woodsworth res my first year. Am I pretty much forced to live off-campus now? What are my chances of getting in now?
0.0 |  Upper year residence chances? I lived in chestnut first year and applied for woodsworth, innis, new college and UC for my 2nd year.  Am I considered a returning student since I lived at chestnut 1st year?  What are my chances of getting into a res 2nd year?
0.042 |  Is res worth it for first year? I’m starting my first year in September and am planning on living in Woodsworth residence just for first year. This is because none of my friends or even acquaintances are going to school in Toronto and I thought this would make it easier to find new friends. Res seems super expensive for what you get. Idk if it’s worth it to spend that extra money to meet people or just find a cheaper apartment somewhere else
0.106 |  Confusion with residency/waitlist I am an incoming freshman at uoft st. George and membership in woodsworth college. I accidentally missed the deadline to get garunteed housing and am just no filling out all of the applications for the residences. I finished a few of them where I just had to answer questions, but once I got to Trinity and Victoria they were telling me to pay them $600. Why do I have to pay them both $600 before I even know which one I am going to? Am I misunderstanding this system? Also what are the odds that I will be able to get residency and won't have to live on off-campus housing? Thanks in advance for the help.
0.048 |  Help a newly accepted student out Got accepted into Physical and Mathematical Sciences at St. George, Woodsworth collage with a 93 average. I got some questions on my mind:   1. I missed the residency deadline and am worried that I wont get a spot anymore. Is there anything I can do?  2. What courses should I take/avoid in my first year if I am interested in becoming a data scientist or actuary? 3. Does UofT have anything like co-op or intern?    
0.137 |  Does the laundry at Woodsworth make your clothes smell worse? Just pulled out a load from the dyer and my clothes smell worse than when I put them in. This a typical thing, or did I just pull the short straw
0.068 |  random or pre selected roommates for freshman year? the starportal app closes june 1st, and im struggling to find people who are are in woodsworth res. would people recommend having  random roommates for the suite or should I keep trying to find people? 
0.0 |  Anyone do the Human Resources Management program at U of T (Woodsworth?) [deleted]
0.07 |  Vic One vs. Woodsworth One vs. New One Hey r/UofT,  Has anyone done any of these programs? If so, how was it? I've listed some pros/cons for each to help me decide but please let me know if anything is wrong or if you have something to add. Thanks in advance!  Vic One (Pearson): - supposedly well-known? - convenient location (I'm in Vic college) - takes up 3.0 credits total which is a bit much - work load is more intense?  Woodsworth One (Order &amp; Disorder): - co-curricular activities look good (are they though?) - takes up less credits than vic one? - work load is alright?  New One (languages &amp; diversity): - no co-requisites - haven't heard very much about it - kinda far from vic
0.0 |  !! Woodsworth Summer Residence Question If you've paid the $700 summer residence deposit at ww and it's been processed. Does that mean I have a guaranteed spot for the summer? 
0.0 |  Woodsworth Summer Residence [deleted]
0.0 |  Attending a UTSG campus tour this Wednesday. What else should I visit on campus? Hi, I live in Alberta and this will be my first time visiting UofT. The tour will feature "academic buildings, athletic and social facilities, Robarts Library, a residence room and other spaces on campus." Are there any areas that I should make sure to visit to help me decide if UofT is the right choice?   I was accepted to life sci and Woodsworth residence. Thank you! 
0.0 |  Woodsworth college On the Wikipedia page it says Woodsworth has ~6000 members, but the residence only has ~300 spaces. How does that work? 
0.122 |  This Reddit is getting a little toxic about the UPass... let's try to be more empathetic towards each other.   Let me try something...        Let's take the perspective of the people who spend $0 or less than $70 a month ONLY. Yeah it's really shit if this passes. Suddenly you get signed up for something you never agreed to - kinda like how you never signed up to get born, but you did anyways and you need to worry about this shit. Now your budget might be tighter since using TTC was just a luxury. Now it's forced upon you and your wallet hurts. Plus, if you 're a go-train user you lose your discount and need to spend even more money. How is this fair?       If we take the perspective of the commuters ONLY: It will be great, because this benefits us financially. For those paying for the metropass, that's almost a $50 discount/month x 4 = $200. It's already really shit that we have to commute. Heck, I need to plan 3 hours for a 50 minute class (if it's at 10AM, i need to wake up at 8, get to the station at 9, and still might be late if I miss all the trains, then need another hour and a little to get back home if it's past 3PM). Sometimes I don't even go to class because it's only 50 minutes and it takes me 2 hours to commute + $6 - it doesn't feel like it's worth my time. Given that there's a free to use metropass, maybe I'll just stay downtown for longer, commute to Eaton centre, get some lunch, relax a little before I head home because I don't need to worry about dropping $3 everytime I want to go somewhere that's out of walking distance (esp. in this weather).              So what should we try and think about? I'm actually on both sides because I really hate TTC and manage to spend less than $50 a month on transit. I was also living in a dorm in my first year, and never ~needed~ to use the TTC at all. But the fact is (if this does go through) why be mad about something you can't change? I'd just take my anger and just ABUSE the TTC. I'm at Robarts and I need to get to museum? Ite, let me take the 94. I'm at museum and I need to get to Woodsworth? K, I'm just gonna go from museum--&gt; st.george. Use the pass to your advantage. Make it worth. Of course you don't HAVE to. You can just stay angry and talk about how shit this is, but at the end of the day, you still HAVE an unlimited usage pass at your disposal. Might as well just use it. Heck, if I had the pass, maybe I wouldn't have gone to metro every tuesday for groceries. Maybe I would've commuted to someother supermarket (e.g. T&amp;T). Now all your friends have metropasses, just go wherever the hell you want. TTC actually spans pretty far, you can go to Yorkdale, Fairview, Eaton, Richmond Hill, airport. Idk, it is very unfair to people who dont use it to begin with, but if it passes, it passes. Life sucks sometimes, and maybe there will be a silver lining if you start using the TTC more. You might explore, find new places, try more restaurants, go out more, find a cute person on the bus, w.e.      Just my 2 cents... and $280/semester xD. Just try to be positive and kind to each other. Everybody's in different financial situations, and even if it's unfair to you, it might've sucked even more for someone who commutes on a daily. It might not have, and you didn't do anything to deserve it, but hey, it's life~~.   EDIT: Hmm.. It seem's that people are misunderstanding my tone for being condescending? I am just giving a situation for if the UPass passes, because that's the outcome that's most likely going to stir a lot of anger. IF it passes, what are you going to do? You can't opt out, you can't prevent it from happening, you can drop out (unreasonable), so the most reasonable thing is to accept it as it is and then use it to your advantage. I went over how it's unfair for noncommuters, and I am also someone who doesn't even spend close to $50 a month for commuting. I'm just hoping to help find a silver lining in this situation, since there's no use being upset/angry at things you cant change. 
0.0 |  question about colleges I got 3 options to rank on MyRes. (woodsworth chestnut uc)  My top choice on OUAC was trinity iirc but I didn't bother with app. My offer says woodsworth. [MyRes says not guaranteed Woodsworth tho](https://imgur.com/HR1Ny5I). I'm gonna assume that Woodsworth is guarantee becuz it says it on offer.  1. How likely is it that I get into another choice? Chestnut/UC? 2. Once they give out offer it's final right? 3. Woodsworth vs Chestnut vs UC?
0.0 |  Woodsworth Residency Application Was filling out my residency application and have to answer 4 essay questions. Does anyone know how long these have to be and if they make a big impact on your residency chances into Woodsworth?
0.204 |  special accommodation for death Last week, my close friend (that attended UofT) got struck by a drunk driver and passed away on Monday. I’ve never had to deal with death from someone so close to me before. I’ve been having multiple panic attacks and can’t focus on anything. Woodsworth college stated that they were able to give special consideration to students impacted by contacting the registrar. Is this offer extended to those affected at other campuses (UTM)? Who do I contact? 
0.049 |  Innis vs Woodsworth Hey guys, I've applied to UofT for Fall 2018. If I had to choose between Innis and Woodsworth, where should I go? My intended major is Economics if that makes a difference. Plus: How big of a role does your college play? Like is it only the place you're going to be living (if I choose on-campus res)? Or does it play a bigger role?   Sorry for the dumb question I don't know anything about the college system.  Thanks in advance!
0.03 |  woodsworth residence im a first year commuting student, and im trying to apply for woodsworth residence next year. How hard is it, and is it even possible for me to get a space even though im in my second year and not apart of woodsworth college? 
0.021 |  How much does it cost to do laundry at Woodsworth Residence? Probably a weird question but I can't find any answers online. To my understanding, the laundry room is open to residents 24/7. Students are given a laundry card upon move-in that can be reloaded using the coin-omatic machines in the laundry room. How does this pricing work exactly?   Thanks!! 
0.078 |  Going to U of T next year, should I buy a car? I’m planning on going to U of T next year on the St. George campus and living in Woodsworth college if possible. I want to get a car by may but I heard traffic in downtown is really bad and I should just take the bus/bike. Are there other areas of interest for students around that would make getting a car worth it?  I also live two hours away and I’m not sure how often I’ll be visiting home/other cities.
0.01 |  I've been accepted. How's the social scene at U of T? Hello all,  I have been accepted to the U of T St. George Computer Science program for the 2018-2019 school year. I'm an international student from the states and I would be living in Woodsworth residence.  I've heard a lot about U of T having a very academics-oriented atmosphere. I plan on taking my studies very seriously in university, of course, but I want to be able to party too. How prevalent is drinking on campus? How easy is it to socialize?  I've also been accepted to McGill (Faculty of Arts - major in Computer Science or Software Engineering), which is known to have a very lively party/drinking scene - and that's making me lean towards it.   Any insight would be greatly appreciated!
0.047 |  Any second degree/mature students living in residence? What's it like?   And how likely am I to get a spot? Just found out I don't qualify for the Residence Guarantee because of my first degree.   Was hoping for a single room in Woodsworth/Innis, but looks like Woodsworth is off the table, since I didn't rank them first.   Any other options within walking distance? I don't want a roommate, and I'm not too keen on a meal plan either.
0.126 |  question about mental health services my parents basically called my artsci affiliated college (ex. St. Mike's, or Woodsworth)... cuz they said they were having miscommunication problems with me, and the college referred a social worker for us to work out our problems...  if i don't attend, apparently i will get into trouble, but why is this? I thought in Canada we have the freedom to either accept mental health services or not, why should I get in trouble for not wanting to see a social worker?  and I'm already in my 20s, why do I feel like this is kindergarten all over again?   my parents can just blackmail me whenever they want and call my college, what the hell is this? this seems honestly like a threat to me
0.044 |  How Are The Parties At Woodsworth? I'm trying to rank my residence and living at Woodsworth with a meal plan from New College sounds pretty good. Wondering how the parties are because U of T seems to have a bad reputation when it comes to parties. If you're in a different res than Woodsworth feel free to comment on that reses party scene.
0.054 |  Applying to UofT. All the resources online for choosing a Collage absolutely suck. Does anyone have advice? Seriously I try to do my research but there is stunningly little information about the differences between the collages at UofT. Every resource I check touts very general information, like Trinity is high achieving and snobby, Woodsworth has apartment style stuff and is above the business classes etc, but nothing specific.   For example, things I want to know about any given collage: Is there a mealplan? Will I have a roomate or is it solo? Where is it located? What is the culture like more specifically than this  &gt;[Collage] is an academic environment where students and professors are committed to building a community that welcomes diversity, embraces creativity and is energized by challenge.  Yeah try to guess which collage that is talking about. The information I can find on all of this is just so general at seems almost meaningless. Are there actual tangible differences from one collage to another? Is it just arbitrary? Online sources have proven thoroughly unhelpful.  Any advice would be gladly appreciated.
0.0 |  Woodsworth Residence im currently  a first year in new college, and im a commuter, i was wondering how are the chances to get accepted to woodsworth residence in second year?
0.031 |  Living in another college's res? Has anyone had any luck getting a space in another college's residence? Tried living at Vic but I really don't like how far it is from everything and I don't wanna deal with the whole mandatory meal plan situation in the future. I'm interested in res at Woodsworth but I know I'd be last priority getting in.  Has anyone been successful in getting a room at another college's res? Or do I need to transfer to Woodsworth to actually get a shot?
0.083 |  A Guide on Choosing Collages for Prospective CS Students so.. I have said this in some of the posts before, but it seems like a lot of people are still asking this question.   Since you want to do CS, the only building you care about on campus is [this](http://map.utoronto.ca/building/080) You will practically live there   So when you get up in the morning, you want to get to Bahen as soon as possible. So you want to have your college as close to Bahen as possible. Therefore, let me introduce you to a new metric: Minutes to Bahen (MtB).   **Now lets look at the collages:**  * Trinity: Let me throw away this option first. average MtB and you have to wear funny robes on Wednesdays. Also generally a miserable place. If you are not staying in res any college but this will do.  * St. Mikes: Very high MtB (BAD) Have to run across queens park in the morning.  * Victoria: Also bad MtB. Same story as St. Mikes * Woodsworth: Average MtB, around 8. Apartment style res.  * Innis: Around 6 MtB, also apartment style res. * New: Very good MtB. Around 4. Dorm-style. But not very central to the campus. Can not comment on food,  * UC: Also very good MtB! 4 MtB. Also Dorm-style. Food *can* be tasty but not healthy. Also more central to campus than New and less ugly.            
0.036 |  [International] Help me choose a UTSG College pls! Hey there! Apologies if this has been asked already but I really need help with picking my top choice :(  I've narrowed my choices down to Innis, New, UC, and Woodsworth  I'd like to go to a college with the least amount of college-specific requirements (I want to avoid unique first-year programs like VicOne for example if possible) Does every college have something like this in their first year? Which college's requirements are the most chill? Are these programs optional?  I want to study Computer Science and Physics and plan to live in residence. Which college do you think would get me closest to classes/best libraries/technology clubs etc?  I'm an atheist and I don't mind anything else about college as long as I can make friends and interact with profs and the party scene is great :D  I would prefer a smaller-sized college over a larger one but then again, it doesn't matter that much  Pls help  [EDIT: after doing some more research, I still can't choose between New and UC!!!]
0.0 |  Woodsworth summer abroad credit: Spain or Italy? [deleted]
0.017 |  Help deciding on my college rankings Hi all! I'm going to apply to the University of Toronto soon and I'm trying to decide on my college rankings. Here's my deal:  I enjoy partying but don't nesicarily want a "party" culture in my college at UoT. I like the idea of apartment style housing over dorms. I want to have some sense of a smaller community and also want to make sure I can get away from the noise of the city if I want to - some green space would be great. My major will be computer science. That being said, I have a range of interests from Environmental and Political Science to Visual Arts. I'm a solid student although I'm not sure if my rigor would be up to par with Trinity or Victoria.  Given this information, my preliminary research, and talking to people that I know go to UoT, this is my ranking of Colleges:  Innis, Woodsworth, Victoria, New, St. Michaels, Trinity, University  Where do you guys live and what would you recommend?  Thanks!  EDIT: I'm down to having Victoria or Innis as my first choice. There can only be one! Which would you guys favor and why?
0.0 |  Best college/residence if applying for Rotman Commerce? I like the apartment style residences, so I'm considering Woodsworth or Innis (ik that 1st year classes are mostly not in the commerce building). Does anyone else have any recommendations/are dorm style residences better? Do any of the colleges have some unique thing going for them that is worth applying for? Thank you!
0.0 |  How is the Criminology program at UTSG, Woodsworth college? Is it worth trying to transfer from another university? (First year Western). Or just stick it through cause its undergrad and try to get into MA crim at UofT.
0.0 |  How do I find out which buildings classes are in? Hi all, I'm currently trying to rank the colleges since I'm applying to UTSG. I'm pretty set on Woodsworth as my first choice, and I figured I'd rank the rest based on how close they are to my classes. I would like to study pharmacology/biomedical toxicology in life sciences, but I can't find where these classes are typically held. If you could direct me as to where I can find that information, please help! Thank you. 
0.11 |  saw some applications queries bout the diff between the college. i wrote a summary of them in a previous post, but thought we could help out the potential uoft students by compiling a new summary of the good/bad of each college. I'll start B-) Sometimes the types of ppl u see People in:    *Woodsworth* = tend to be rotman/business students if i recall. having ur dorm at this college will be beneficial to you if you are in Rotman cuz most of the courses are located around there (e.g. woodsworth basement, woodsworth college, rotman building, etc.). Also dorm wise, it's very nice - you get your own room + kitchen + closest of all colleges to st. george station. If you are a life sci student, might suck cuz most of our first year courses are in conhall/ss/medsci which is kinda far.. u get a key for ur room ontop of the key to actually enter the actual dorm.       *Innis* = is more arts students. also btw, if u belong to a a college some courses you are given priority I THINKKKK DKM IF IM WRONG. Same as woodsworth, but it's more strict regards to security (esp. on guests staying). Still relatively close to stgeorge, but closer to the conhall/ss/medsci buildings + robarts. also has that special roomkey for urself          *vic* = i just think that it's far tbh. i mean it doesnt really seem like it's on campus but that's the only thing. I remember going there to visit my friend and it was lowkey sketchy bc it was in an alley that's not very high traffic. however, close to bay street i thinkk.... and there's lots of food there ayo.          *trin* = u need to apply + essay + it's basically like hogwarts. u get robes and u do those stupid ceremonies (sorry i think im salty?) and students are seen as snobby. I personally held no judgment against them cuz i didnt know better but 3/3 people i met there are snobby. availability heuristics??! THROWING AROUND RANDOM STATS TERM I HAVE A VAGUE UNDERSTANDING OF? also close to everything ish --&gt; uc/conhall/medsci/ss/robarts. also i think the caf there had pretty good food?             *nutz* = LOL i wanted chestnut because it looked so nice but it was shared dorm and i wasnt bout to sleep with 1 eye open scared of my roommate stealing my shit. farthest from campus, closest to eaton centre. apparently walking gets old quick, especially during the winter time so gl;hf. food is shit too? i heard? who knows? and i heard that the elevators are constantly broken so unless u need motivation to get fit it seems that nobody wants to go there B- ) IM SORRY I DONT SPEAK FOR EVERYBODY JUST MYSELF             new college is behind ss. all i know is that it's quaint and that 2/2 friends that go there are the kindest and chillest ppl ever. if this is the one in wilcocks, i believe that there is shared washroom, but the room itself is cold. i just remember my room during this summer prog i stayed was concrete and it felt like a jail and i was sad        what's the 7th one. oh fuck it's *uc* . I dont know anything about UC.                hope this helps .     fixed stupid format
0.03 |  Orientation and waitlist questions I'm a first year life science student and want to do the "Pharmacology" program in second year. I've been waitlisted for PCL200H1 rank #66. Is there another course I can use instead to be able to do pharmacology or will I have to try my luck on the waitlist? cuz i think its quite unlikely I'll get in.   ALSO, I am part of Woodsworth College but my residence is in SMC. Should I join the Woodsworth orientation or the SMC orientation cuz im a bit confused. Thanks!
0.0 |  Quick Question Regarding Frosh as a Woodsworth Student living in Chestnut Res How was Woodsworth Frosh (https://campustix.com/tix/d9278d20/woodsworth-orientation-2017/) living in Chestnut? I figured I should probably  sign up for some sort of Frosh activity with my College even though I am living in Chestnut Residence. Any experiences anyone can share?
